1: 
Traffic map prediction using UNet based deep convolutional neural
  network
  This paper describes our UNet based deep convolutional neural network
approach on the Traffic4cast challenge 2019. Challenges task is to predict
future traffic flow volume, heading and speed on high resolution whole city
map. We used UNet based deep convolutional neural network to train predictive
model for the short term traffic forecast. On each convolution block, layers
are densely connected with subsequent layers like a DenseNet. Trained and
evaluated on the real world data set collected from three distinct cities in
the world, our method achieved best performance in this challenge.

2: 
UNet++: A Nested U-Net Architecture for Medical Image Segmentation
  In this paper, we present UNet++, a new, more powerful architecture for
medical image segmentation. Our architecture is essentially a deeply-supervised
encoder-decoder network where the encoder and decoder sub-networks are
connected through a series of nested, dense skip pathways. The re-designed skip
pathways aim at reducing the semantic gap between the feature maps of the
encoder and decoder sub-networks. We argue that the optimizer would deal with
an easier learning task when the feature maps from the decoder and encoder
networks are semantically similar. We have evaluated UNet++ in comparison with
U-Net and wide U-Net architectures across multiple medical image segmentation
tasks: nodule segmentation in the low-dose CT scans of chest, nuclei
segmentation in the microscopy images, liver segmentation in abdominal CT
scans, and polyp segmentation in colonoscopy videos. Our experiments
demonstrate that UNet++ with deep supervision achieves an average IoU gain of
3.9 and 3.4 points over U-Net and wide U-Net, respectively.

3: 
Context Aware 3D UNet for Brain Tumor Segmentation
  Deep convolutional neural network (CNN) achieves remarkable performance for
medical image analysis. UNet is the primary source in the performance of 3D CNN
architectures for medical imaging tasks, including brain tumor segmentation.
The skip connection in the UNet architecture concatenates features from both
encoder and decoder paths to extract multi-contextual information from image
data. The multi-scaled features play an essential role in brain tumor
segmentation. However, the limited use of features can degrade the performance
of the UNet approach for segmentation. In this paper, we propose a modified
UNet architecture for brain tumor segmentation. In the proposed architecture,
we used densely connected blocks in both encoder and decoder paths to extract
multi-contextual information from the concept of feature reusability. In
addition, residual-inception blocks (RIB) are used to extract the local and
global information by merging features of different kernel sizes. We validate
the proposed architecture on the multi-modal brain tumor segmentation challenge
(BRATS) 2020 testing dataset. The dice (DSC) scores of the whole tumor (WT),
tumor core (TC), and enhancing tumor (ET) are 89.12%, 84.74%, and 79.12%,
respectively.

4: 
End-to-End Deep Learning of Lane Detection and Path Prediction for
  Real-Time Autonomous Driving
  Inspired by the UNet architecture of semantic image segmentation, we propose
a lightweight UNet using depthwise separable convolutions (DSUNet) for
end-to-end learning of lane detection and path prediction (PP) in autonomous
driving. We also design and integrate a PP algorithm with convolutional neural
network (CNN) to form a simulation model (CNN-PP) that can be used to assess
CNN's performance qualitatively, quantitatively, and dynamically in a host
agent car driving along with other agents all in a real-time autonomous manner.
DSUNet is 5.16x lighter in model size and 1.61x faster in inference than UNet.
DSUNet-PP outperforms UNet-PP in mean average errors of predicted curvature and
lateral offset for path planning in dynamic simulation. DSUNet-PP outperforms a
modified UNet in lateral error, which is tested in a real car on real road.
These results show that DSUNet is efficient and effective for lane detection
and path prediction in autonomous driving.

5: 
Utilizing UNet for the future traffic map prediction task Traffic4cast
  challenge 2020
  This paper describes our UNet based experiments on the Traffic4cast challenge
2020. Similar to the Traffic4cast challenge 2019, the task is to predict
traffic flow volume, direction and speed on a high resolution map of three
large cities worldwide. We mainly experimented with UNet based deep
convolutional networks with various compositions of densely connected
convolution layers, average pooling layers and max pooling layers. Three base
UNet model types are tried and predictions are combined by averaging prediction
scores or taking median value. Our method achieved best performance in this
years newly built challenge dataset.

