1: 
VL-InterpreT: An Interactive Visualization Tool for Interpreting
  Vision-Language Transformers
  Breakthroughs in transformer-based models have revolutionized not only the
NLP field, but also vision and multimodal systems. However, although
visualization and interpretability tools have become available for NLP models,
internal mechanisms of vision and multimodal transformers remain largely
opaque. With the success of these transformers, it is increasingly critical to
understand their inner workings, as unraveling these black-boxes will lead to
more capable and trustworthy models. To contribute to this quest, we propose
VL-InterpreT, which provides novel interactive visualizations for interpreting
the attentions and hidden representations in multimodal transformers.
VL-InterpreT is a task agnostic and integrated tool that (1) tracks a variety
of statistics in attention heads throughout all layers for both vision and
language components, (2) visualizes cross-modal and intra-modal attentions
through easily readable heatmaps, and (3) plots the hidden representations of
vision and language tokens as they pass through the transformer layers. In this
paper, we demonstrate the functionalities of VL-InterpreT through the analysis
of KD-VLP, an end-to-end pretraining vision-language multimodal
transformer-based model, in the tasks of Visual Commonsense Reasoning (VCR) and
WebQA, two visual question answering benchmarks. Furthermore, we also present a
few interesting findings about multimodal transformer behaviors that were
learned through our tool.

2: 
An Attention Matrix for Every Decision: Faithfulness-based Arbitration
  Among Multiple Attention-Based Interpretations of Transformers in Text
  Classification
  Transformers are widely used in natural language processing, where they
consistently achieve state-of-the-art performance. This is mainly due to their
attention-based architecture, which allows them to model rich linguistic
relations between (sub)words. However, transformers are difficult to interpret.
Being able to provide reasoning for its decisions is an important property for
a model in domains where human lives are affected. With transformers finding
wide use in such fields, the need for interpretability techniques tailored to
them arises. We propose a new technique that selects the most faithful
attention-based interpretation among the several ones that can be obtained by
combining different head, layer and matrix operations. In addition, two
variations are introduced towards (i) reducing the computational complexity,
thus being faster and friendlier to the environment, and (ii) enhancing the
performance in multi-label data. We further propose a new faithfulness metric
that is more suitable for transformer models and exhibits high correlation with
the area under the precision-recall curve based on ground truth rationales. We
validate the utility of our contributions with a series of quantitative and
qualitative experiments on seven datasets.

3: 
Analyzing Transformers in Embedding Space
  Understanding Transformer-based models has attracted significant attention,
as they lie at the heart of recent technological advances across machine
learning. While most interpretability methods rely on running models over
inputs, recent work has shown that a zero-pass approach, where parameters are
interpreted directly without a forward/backward pass is feasible for some
Transformer parameters, and for two-layer attention networks. In this work, we
present a theoretical analysis where all parameters of a trained Transformer
are interpreted by projecting them into the embedding space, that is, the space
of vocabulary items they operate on. We derive a simple theoretical framework
to support our arguments and provide ample evidence for its validity. First, an
empirical analysis showing that parameters of both pretrained and fine-tuned
models can be interpreted in embedding space. Second, we present two
applications of our framework: (a) aligning the parameters of different models
that share a vocabulary, and (b) constructing a classifier without training by
``translating'' the parameters of a fine-tuned classifier to parameters of a
different model that was only pretrained. Overall, our findings open the door
to interpretation methods that, at least in part, abstract away from model
specifics and operate in the embedding space only.

4: 
More Identifiable yet Equally Performant Transformers for Text
  Classification
  Interpretability is an important aspect of the trustworthiness of a model's
predictions. Transformer's predictions are widely explained by the attention
weights, i.e., a probability distribution generated at its self-attention unit
(head). Current empirical studies provide shreds of evidence that attention
weights are not explanations by proving that they are not unique. A recent
study showed theoretical justifications to this observation by proving the
non-identifiability of attention weights. For a given input to a head and its
output, if the attention weights generated in it are unique, we call the
weights identifiable. In this work, we provide deeper theoretical analysis and
empirical observations on the identifiability of attention weights. Ignored in
the previous works, we find the attention weights are more identifiable than we
currently perceive by uncovering the hidden role of the key vector. However,
the weights are still prone to be non-unique attentions that make them unfit
for interpretation. To tackle this issue, we provide a variant of the encoder
layer that decouples the relationship between key and value vector and provides
identifiable weights up to the desired length of the input. We prove the
applicability of such variations by providing empirical justifications on
varied text classification tasks. The implementations are available at
https://github.com/declare-lab/identifiable-transformers.

5: 
IA-RED$^2$: Interpretability-Aware Redundancy Reduction for Vision
  Transformers
  The self-attention-based model, transformer, is recently becoming the leading
backbone in the field of computer vision. In spite of the impressive success
made by transformers in a variety of vision tasks, it still suffers from heavy
computation and intensive memory costs. To address this limitation, this paper
presents an Interpretability-Aware REDundancy REDuction framework (IA-RED$^2$).
We start by observing a large amount of redundant computation, mainly spent on
uncorrelated input patches, and then introduce an interpretable module to
dynamically and gracefully drop these redundant patches. This novel framework
is then extended to a hierarchical structure, where uncorrelated tokens at
different stages are gradually removed, resulting in a considerable shrinkage
of computational cost. We include extensive experiments on both image and video
tasks, where our method could deliver up to 1.4x speed-up for state-of-the-art
models like DeiT and TimeSformer, by only sacrificing less than 0.7% accuracy.
More importantly, contrary to other acceleration approaches, our method is
inherently interpretable with substantial visual evidence, making vision
transformer closer to a more human-understandable architecture while being
lighter. We demonstrate that the interpretability that naturally emerged in our
framework can outperform the raw attention learned by the original visual
transformer, as well as those generated by off-the-shelf interpretation
methods, with both qualitative and quantitative results. Project Page:
http://people.csail.mit.edu/bpan/ia-red/.

