1: 
A Study of Image Pre-processing for Faster Object Recognition
  Quality of image always plays a vital role in in-creasing object recognition
or classification rate. A good quality image gives better recognition or
classification rate than any unprocessed noisy images. It is more difficult to
extract features from such unprocessed images which in-turn reduces object
recognition or classification rate. To overcome problems occurred due to low
quality image, typically pre-processing is done before extracting features from
the image. Our project proposes an image pre-processing method, so that the
performance of selected Machine Learning algorithms or Deep Learning algorithms
increases in terms of increased accuracy or reduced the number of training
images. In the later part, we compare the performance results by using our
method with the previous used approaches.

2: 
Enhanced Sharp-GAN For Histopathology Image Synthesis
  Histopathology image synthesis aims to address the data shortage issue in
training deep learning approaches for accurate cancer detection. However,
existing methods struggle to produce realistic images that have accurate nuclei
boundaries and less artifacts, which limits the application in downstream
tasks. To address the challenges, we propose a novel approach that enhances the
quality of synthetic images by using nuclei topology and contour
regularization. The proposed approach uses the skeleton map of nuclei to
integrate nuclei topology and separate touching nuclei. In the loss function,
we propose two new contour regularization terms that enhance the contrast
between contour and non-contour pixels and increase the similarity between
contour pixels. We evaluate the proposed approach on the two datasets using
image quality metrics and a downstream task (nuclei segmentation). The proposed
approach outperforms Sharp-GAN in all four image quality metrics on two
datasets. By integrating 6k synthetic images from the proposed approach into
training, a nuclei segmentation model achieves the state-of-the-art
segmentation performance on TNBC dataset and its detection quality (DQ),
segmentation quality (SQ), panoptic quality (PQ), and aggregated Jaccard index
(AJI) is 0.855, 0.863, 0.691, and 0.683, respectively.

3: 
Robust Image Segmentation Quality Assessment
  Deep learning based image segmentation methods have achieved great success,
even having human-level accuracy in some applications. However, due to the
black box nature of deep learning, the best method may fail in some situations.
Thus predicting segmentation quality without ground truth would be very crucial
especially in clinical practice. Recently, people proposed to train neural
networks to estimate the quality score by regression. Although it can achieve
promising prediction accuracy, the network suffers robustness problem, e.g. it
is vulnerable to adversarial attacks. In this paper, we propose to alleviate
this problem by utilizing the difference between the input image and the
reconstructed image, which is conditioned on the segmentation to be assessed,
to lower the chance to overfit to the undesired image features from the
original input image, and thus to increase the robustness. Results on ACDC17
dataset demonstrated our method is promising.

4: 
An Estimation Method of Measuring Image Quality for Compressed Images of
  Human Face
  Nowadays digital image compression and decompression techniques are very much
important. So our aim is to calculate the quality of face and other regions of
the compressed image with respect to the original image. Image segmentation is
typically used to locate objects and boundaries (lines, curves etc.)in images.
After segmentation the image is changed into something which is more meaningful
to analyze. Using Universal Image Quality Index(Q),Structural Similarity
Index(SSIM) and Gradient-based Structural Similarity Index(G-SSIM) it can be
shown that face region is less compressed than any other region of the image.

5: 
Combined Approach for Image Segmentation
  Many image segmentation techniques have been developed over the past two
decades for segmenting the images, which help for object recognition, occlusion
boundary estimation within motion or stereo systems, image compression, image
editing.
  In this, there is a combined approach for segmenting the image. By using
histogram equalization to the input image, from which it gives contrast
enhancement output image .After that by applying median filtering,which will
remove noise from contrast output image . At last I applied fuzzy c-mean
clustering algorithm to denoising output image, which give segmented output
image. In this way it produce better segmented image with less computation
time.

