1: 
MiQA: A Benchmark for Inference on Metaphorical Questions
  We propose a benchmark to assess the capability of large language models to
reason with conventional metaphors. Our benchmark combines the previously
isolated topics of metaphor detection and commonsense reasoning into a single
task that requires a model to make inferences by accurately selecting between
the literal and metaphorical register. We examine the performance of
state-of-the-art pre-trained models on binary-choice tasks and find a large
discrepancy between the performance of small and very large models, going from
chance to near-human level. We also analyse the largest model in a generative
setting and find that although human performance is approached, careful
multiple-shot prompting is required.

2: 
One Billion Word Benchmark for Measuring Progress in Statistical
  Language Modeling
  We propose a new benchmark corpus to be used for measuring progress in
statistical language modeling. With almost one billion words of training data,
we hope this benchmark will be useful to quickly evaluate novel language
modeling techniques, and to compare their contribution when combined with other
advanced techniques. We show performance of several well-known types of
language models, with the best results achieved with a recurrent neural network
based language model. The baseline unpruned Kneser-Ney 5-gram model achieves
perplexity 67.6; a combination of techniques leads to 35% reduction in
perplexity, or 10% reduction in cross-entropy (bits), over that baseline.
  The benchmark is available as a code.google.com project; besides the scripts
needed to rebuild the training/held-out data, it also makes available
log-probability values for each word in each of ten held-out data sets, for
each of the baseline n-gram models.

3: 
LMentry: A Language Model Benchmark of Elementary Language Tasks
  As the performance of large language models rapidly improves, benchmarks are
getting larger and more complex as well. We present LMentry, a benchmark that
avoids this "arms race" by focusing on a compact set of tasks that are trivial
to humans, e.g. writing a sentence containing a specific word, identifying
which words in a list belong to a specific category, or choosing which of two
words is longer. LMentry is specifically designed to provide quick and
interpretable insights into the capabilities and robustness of large language
models. Our experiments reveal a wide variety of failure cases that, while
immediately obvious to humans, pose a considerable challenge for large language
models, including OpenAI's latest 175B-parameter instruction-tuned model,
TextDavinci002. LMentry complements contemporary evaluation approaches of large
language models, providing a quick, automatic, and easy-to-run "unit test",
without resorting to large benchmark suites of complex tasks.

4: 
PaLM: Scaling Language Modeling with Pathways
  Large language models have been shown to achieve remarkable performance
across a variety of natural language tasks using few-shot learning, which
drastically reduces the number of task-specific training examples needed to
adapt the model to a particular application. To further our understanding of
the impact of scale on few-shot learning, we trained a 540-billion parameter,
densely activated, Transformer language model, which we call Pathways Language
Model PaLM. We trained PaLM on 6144 TPU v4 chips using Pathways, a new ML
system which enables highly efficient training across multiple TPU Pods. We
demonstrate continued benefits of scaling by achieving state-of-the-art
few-shot learning results on hundreds of language understanding and generation
benchmarks. On a number of these tasks, PaLM 540B achieves breakthrough
performance, outperforming the finetuned state-of-the-art on a suite of
multi-step reasoning tasks, and outperforming average human performance on the
recently released BIG-bench benchmark. A significant number of BIG-bench tasks
showed discontinuous improvements from model scale, meaning that performance
steeply increased as we scaled to our largest model. PaLM also has strong
capabilities in multilingual tasks and source code generation, which we
demonstrate on a wide array of benchmarks. We additionally provide a
comprehensive analysis on bias and toxicity, and study the extent of training
data memorization with respect to model scale. Finally, we discuss the ethical
considerations related to large language models and discuss potential
mitigation strategies.

5: 
Paraphrasing with Large Language Models
  Recently, large language models such as GPT-2 have shown themselves to be
extremely adept at text generation and have also been able to achieve
high-quality results in many downstream NLP tasks such as text classification,
sentiment analysis and question answering with the aid of fine-tuning. We
present a useful technique for using a large language model to perform the task
of paraphrasing on a variety of texts and subjects. Our approach is
demonstrated to be capable of generating paraphrases not only at a sentence
level but also for longer spans of text such as paragraphs without needing to
break the text into smaller chunks.

