1: 
Equivalence of LP Relaxation and Max-Product for Weighted Matching in
  General Graphs
  Max-product belief propagation is a local, iterative algorithm to find the
mode/MAP estimate of a probability distribution. While it has been successfully
employed in a wide variety of applications, there are relatively few
theoretical guarantees of convergence and correctness for general loopy graphs
that may have many short cycles. Of these, even fewer provide exact ``necessary
and sufficient'' characterizations.
  In this paper we investigate the problem of using max-product to find the
maximum weight matching in an arbitrary graph with edge weights. This is done
by first constructing a probability distribution whose mode corresponds to the
optimal matching, and then running max-product. Weighted matching can also be
posed as an integer program, for which there is an LP relaxation. This
relaxation is not always tight. In this paper we show that \begin{enumerate}
\item If the LP relaxation is tight, then max-product always converges, and
that too to the correct answer. \item If the LP relaxation is loose, then
max-product does not converge. \end{enumerate} This provides an exact,
data-dependent characterization of max-product performance, and a precise
connection to LP relaxation, which is a well-studied optimization technique.
Also, since LP relaxation is known to be tight for bipartite graphs, our
results generalize other recent results on using max-product to find weighted
matchings in bipartite graphs.

2: 
Artificial Intelligence for Conflict Management
  Militarised conflict is one of the risks that have a significant impact on
society. Militarised Interstate Dispute (MID) is defined as an outcome of
interstate interactions, which result on either peace or conflict. Effective
prediction of the possibility of conflict between states is an important
decision support tool for policy makers. In a previous research, neural
networks (NNs) have been implemented to predict the MID. Support Vector
Machines (SVMs) have proven to be very good prediction techniques and are
introduced for the prediction of MIDs in this study and compared to neural
networks. The results show that SVMs predict MID better than NNs while NNs give
more consistent and easy to interpret sensitivity analysis than SVMs.

3: 
The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
  The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network
algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a
learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size.
We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate
some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally
we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of
ordering under certain limited conditions.

4: 
Getting started in probabilistic graphical models
  Probabilistic graphical models (PGMs) have become a popular tool for
computational analysis of biological data in a variety of domains. But, what
exactly are they and how do they work? How can we use PGMs to discover patterns
that are biologically relevant? And to what extent can PGMs help us formulate
new hypotheses that are testable at the bench? This note sketches out some
answers and illustrates the main ideas behind the statistical approach to
biological pattern discovery.

5: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

