1: 
Evolving Symbolic Controllers
  The idea of symbolic controllers tries to bridge the gap between the top-down
manual design of the controller architecture, as advocated in Brooks'
subsumption architecture, and the bottom-up designer-free approach that is now
standard within the Evolutionary Robotics community. The designer provides a
set of elementary behavior, and evolution is given the goal of assembling them
to solve complex tasks. Two experiments are presented, demonstrating the
efficiency and showing the recursiveness of this approach. In particular, the
sensitivity with respect to the proposed elementary behaviors, and the
robustness w.r.t. generalization of the resulting controllers are studied in
detail.

2: 
The World as Evolving Information
  This paper discusses the benefits of describing the world as information,
especially in the study of the evolution of life and cognition. Traditional
studies encounter problems because it is difficult to describe life and
cognition in terms of matter and energy, since their laws are valid only at the
physical scale. However, if matter and energy, as well as life and cognition,
are described in terms of information, evolution can be described consistently
as information becoming more complex.
  The paper presents eight tentative laws of information, valid at multiple
scales, which are generalizations of Darwinian, cybernetic, thermodynamic,
psychological, philosophical, and complexity principles. These are further used
to discuss the notions of life, cognition and their evolution.

3: 
Ensemble Learning for Free with Evolutionary Algorithms ?
  Evolutionary Learning proceeds by evolving a population of classifiers, from
which it generally returns (with some notable exceptions) the single
best-of-run classifier as final result. In the meanwhile, Ensemble Learning,
one of the most efficient approaches in supervised Machine Learning for the
last decade, proceeds by building a population of diverse classifiers. Ensemble
Learning with Evolutionary Computation thus receives increasing attention. The
Evolutionary Ensemble Learning (EEL) approach presented in this paper features
two contributions. First, a new fitness function, inspired by co-evolution and
enforcing the classifier diversity, is presented. Further, a new selection
criterion based on the classification margin is proposed. This criterion is
used to extract the classifier ensemble from the final population only
(Off-line) or incrementally along evolution (On-line). Experiments on a set of
benchmark problems show that Off-line outperforms single-hypothesis
evolutionary learning and state-of-art Boosting and generates smaller
classifier ensembles.

4: 
Evolutionary Optimisation Methods for Template Based Image Registration
  This paper investigates the use of evolutionary optimisation techniques to
register a template with a scene image. An error function is created to measure
the correspondence of the template to the image. The problem presented here is
to optimise the horizontal, vertical and scaling parameters that register the
template with the scene. The Genetic Algorithm, Simulated Annealing and
Particle Swarm Optimisations are compared to a Nelder-Mead Simplex optimisation
with starting points chosen in a pre-processing stage. The paper investigates
the precision and accuracy of each method and shows that all four methods
perform favourably for image registration. SA is the most precise, GA is the
most accurate. PSO is a good mix of both and the Simplex method returns local
minima the most. A pre-processing stage should be investigated for the
evolutionary methods in order to improve performance. Discrete versions of the
optimisation methods should be investigated to further improve computational
performance.

5: 
Robust Multi-Cellular Developmental Design
  This paper introduces a continuous model for Multi-cellular Developmental
Design. The cells are fixed on a 2D grid and exchange "chemicals" with their
neighbors during the growth process. The quantity of chemicals that a cell
produces, as well as the differentiation value of the cell in the phenotype,
are controlled by a Neural Network (the genotype) that takes as inputs the
chemicals produced by the neighboring cells at the previous time step. In the
proposed model, the number of iterations of the growth process is not
pre-determined, but emerges during evolution: only organisms for which the
growth process stabilizes give a phenotype (the stable state), others are
declared nonviable. The optimization of the controller is done using the NEAT
algorithm, that optimizes both the topology and the weights of the Neural
Networks. Though each cell only receives local information from its neighbors,
the experimental results of the proposed approach on the 'flags' problems (the
phenotype must match a given 2D pattern) are almost as good as those of a
direct regression approach using the same model with global information.
Moreover, the resulting multi-cellular organisms exhibit almost perfect
self-healing characteristics.

