1: 
Architecture for Pseudo Acausal Evolvable Embedded Systems
  Advances in semiconductor technology are contributing to the increasing
complexity in the design of embedded systems. Architectures with novel
techniques such as evolvable nature and autonomous behavior have engrossed lot
of attention. This paper demonstrates conceptually evolvable embedded systems
can be characterized basing on acausal nature. It is noted that in acausal
systems, future input needs to be known, here we make a mechanism such that the
system predicts the future inputs and exhibits pseudo acausal nature. An
embedded system that uses theoretical framework of acausality is proposed. Our
method aims at a novel architecture that features the hardware evolability and
autonomous behavior alongside pseudo acausality. Various aspects of this
architecture are discussed in detail along with the limitations.

2: 
Towards understanding and modelling office daily life
  Measuring and modeling human behavior is a very complex task. In this paper
we present our initial thoughts on modeling and automatic recognition of some
human activities in an office. We argue that to successfully model human
activities, we need to consider both individual behavior and group dynamics. To
demonstrate these theoretical approaches, we introduce an experimental system
for analyzing everyday activity in our office.

3: 
Direct Optimization of Ranking Measures
  Web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of
sophisticated performance measures. Current Support Vector approaches are
unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead. We
present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss
functions. This is achieved via structured estimation in Hilbert spaces. It is
most related to Max-Margin-Markov networks optimization of multivariate
performance measures. Key to our approach is that during training the ranking
problem can be viewed as a linear assignment problem, which can be solved by
the Hungarian Marriage algorithm. At test time, a sort operation is sufficient,
as our algorithm assigns a relevance score to every (document, query) pair.
Experiments show that the our algorithm is fast and that it works very well.

4: 
On the monotonization of the training set
  We consider the problem of minimal correction of the training set to make it
consistent with monotonic constraints. This problem arises during analysis of
data sets via techniques that require monotone data. We show that this problem
is NP-hard in general and is equivalent to finding a maximal independent set in
special orgraphs. Practically important cases of that problem considered in
detail. These are the cases when a partial order given on the replies set is a
total order or has a dimension 2. We show that the second case can be reduced
to maximization of a quadratic convex function on a convex set. For this case
we construct an approximate polynomial algorithm based on convex optimization.

5: 
Artificial Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines for Water Demand
  Time Series Forecasting
  Water plays a pivotal role in many physical processes, and most importantly
in sustaining human life, animal life and plant life. Water supply entities
therefore have the responsibility to supply clean and safe water at the rate
required by the consumer. It is therefore necessary to implement mechanisms and
systems that can be employed to predict both short-term and long-term water
demands. The increasingly growing field of computational intelligence
techniques has been proposed as an efficient tool in the modelling of dynamic
phenomena. The primary objective of this paper is to compare the efficiency of
two computational intelligence techniques in water demand forecasting. The
techniques under comparison are the Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) and the
Support Vector Machines (SVMs). In this study it was observed that the ANNs
perform better than the SVMs. This performance is measured against the
generalisation ability of the two.

