1: 
The on-line shortest path problem under partial monitoring
  The on-line shortest path problem is considered under various models of
partial monitoring. Given a weighted directed acyclic graph whose edge weights
can change in an arbitrary (adversarial) way, a decision maker has to choose in
each round of a game a path between two distinguished vertices such that the
loss of the chosen path (defined as the sum of the weights of its composing
edges) be as small as possible. In a setting generalizing the multi-armed
bandit problem, after choosing a path, the decision maker learns only the
weights of those edges that belong to the chosen path. For this problem, an
algorithm is given whose average cumulative loss in n rounds exceeds that of
the best path, matched off-line to the entire sequence of the edge weights, by
a quantity that is proportional to 1/\sqrt{n} and depends only polynomially on
the number of edges of the graph. The algorithm can be implemented with linear
complexity in the number of rounds n and in the number of edges. An extension
to the so-called label efficient setting is also given, in which the decision
maker is informed about the weights of the edges corresponding to the chosen
path at a total of m << n time instances. Another extension is shown where the
decision maker competes against a time-varying path, a generalization of the
problem of tracking the best expert. A version of the multi-armed bandit
setting for shortest path is also discussed where the decision maker learns
only the total weight of the chosen path but not the weights of the individual
edges on the path. Applications to routing in packet switched networks along
with simulation results are also presented.

2: 
A study of structural properties on profiles HMMs
  Motivation: Profile hidden Markov Models (pHMMs) are a popular and very
useful tool in the detection of the remote homologue protein families.
Unfortunately, their performance is not always satisfactory when proteins are
in the 'twilight zone'. We present HMMER-STRUCT, a model construction algorithm
and tool that tries to improve pHMM performance by using structural information
while training pHMMs. As a first step, HMMER-STRUCT constructs a set of pHMMs.
Each pHMM is constructed by weighting each residue in an aligned protein
according to a specific structural property of the residue. Properties used
were primary, secondary and tertiary structures, accessibility and packing.
HMMER-STRUCT then prioritizes the results by voting. Results: We used the SCOP
database to perform our experiments. Throughout, we apply leave-one-family-out
cross-validation over protein superfamilies. First, we used the MAMMOTH-mult
structural aligner to align the training set proteins. Then, we performed two
sets of experiments. In a first experiment, we compared structure weighted
models against standard pHMMs and against each other. In a second experiment,
we compared the voting model against individual pHMMs. We compare method
performance through ROC curves and through Precision/Recall curves, and assess
significance through the paired two tailed t-test. Our results show significant
performance improvements of all structurally weighted models over default
HMMER, and a significant improvement in sensitivity of the combined models over
both the original model and the structurally weighted models.

3: 
Determining full conditional independence by low-order conditioning
  A concentration graph associated with a random vector is an undirected graph
where each vertex corresponds to one random variable in the vector. The absence
of an edge between any pair of vertices (or variables) is equivalent to full
conditional independence between these two variables given all the other
variables. In the multivariate Gaussian case, the absence of an edge
corresponds to a zero coefficient in the precision matrix, which is the inverse
of the covariance matrix. It is well known that this concentration graph
represents some of the conditional independencies in the distribution of the
associated random vector. These conditional independencies correspond to the
"separations" or absence of edges in that graph. In this paper we assume that
there are no other independencies present in the probability distribution than
those represented by the graph. This property is called the perfect
Markovianity of the probability distribution with respect to the associated
concentration graph. We prove in this paper that this particular concentration
graph, the one associated with a perfect Markov distribution, can be determined
by only conditioning on a limited number of variables. We demonstrate that this
number is equal to the maximum size of the minimal separators in the
concentration graph.

4: 
Equivalence of LP Relaxation and Max-Product for Weighted Matching in
  General Graphs
  Max-product belief propagation is a local, iterative algorithm to find the
mode/MAP estimate of a probability distribution. While it has been successfully
employed in a wide variety of applications, there are relatively few
theoretical guarantees of convergence and correctness for general loopy graphs
that may have many short cycles. Of these, even fewer provide exact ``necessary
and sufficient'' characterizations.
  In this paper we investigate the problem of using max-product to find the
maximum weight matching in an arbitrary graph with edge weights. This is done
by first constructing a probability distribution whose mode corresponds to the
optimal matching, and then running max-product. Weighted matching can also be
posed as an integer program, for which there is an LP relaxation. This
relaxation is not always tight. In this paper we show that \begin{enumerate}
\item If the LP relaxation is tight, then max-product always converges, and
that too to the correct answer. \item If the LP relaxation is loose, then
max-product does not converge. \end{enumerate} This provides an exact,
data-dependent characterization of max-product performance, and a precise
connection to LP relaxation, which is a well-studied optimization technique.
Also, since LP relaxation is known to be tight for bipartite graphs, our
results generalize other recent results on using max-product to find weighted
matchings in bipartite graphs.

5: 
Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data
  Using Evolutionary Computing
  The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm
optimisation (PSO) and genetic algorithms (GA) to compensate for missing data
in classifying high voltage bushings. The classification is done using DGA data
from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104, IEC599 and IEEE production rates
methods for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. PSO and GA were compared in
terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both GA and PSO simulations
were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95% accuracy when only
one variable was missing. However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66% accuracy with
two variables missing simultaneously, compared to 84% for GA. The data
estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the
PSO.

