1: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

2: 
The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
  The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network
algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a
learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size.
We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate
some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally
we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of
ordering under certain limited conditions.

3: 
Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional
sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition.
Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example
robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information,
are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been
no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal
dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks
(MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision,
video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the
scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental
results are provided for two image segmentation tasks.

4: 
Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions
  using Artificial Neural Network
  This paper uses Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models to compute response of
structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi
ground motion data. The system is first trained for a single real earthquake
data. The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with
various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN
model are accurate for practical purposes. When the ANN is trained by a part of
the ground motion data, it can also identify the responses of the structural
system well. In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be
predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to
occur for the lessons. Time period and the corresponding maximum response of
the building for an earthquake has been evaluated, which is again trained to
predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods. The
trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real
earthquake data of other place, which was not used in the training and was
found to be in good agreement.

5: 
Sensor Networks with Random Links: Topology Design for Distributed
  Consensus
  In a sensor network, in practice, the communication among sensors is subject
to:(1) errors or failures at random times; (3) costs; and(2) constraints since
sensors and networks operate under scarce resources, such as power, data rate,
or communication. The signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is usually a main factor in
determining the probability of error (or of communication failure) in a link.
These probabilities are then a proxy for the SNR under which the links operate.
The paper studies the problem of designing the topology, i.e., assigning the
probabilities of reliable communication among sensors (or of link failures) to
maximize the rate of convergence of average consensus, when the link
communication costs are taken into account, and there is an overall
communication budget constraint. To consider this problem, we address a number
of preliminary issues: (1) model the network as a random topology; (2)
establish necessary and sufficient conditions for mean square sense (mss) and
almost sure (a.s.) convergence of average consensus when network links fail;
and, in particular, (3) show that a necessary and sufficient condition for both
mss and a.s. convergence is for the algebraic connectivity of the mean graph
describing the network topology to be strictly positive. With these results, we
formulate topology design, subject to random link failures and to a
communication cost constraint, as a constrained convex optimization problem to
which we apply semidefinite programming techniques. We show by an extensive
numerical study that the optimal design improves significantly the convergence
speed of the consensus algorithm and can achieve the asymptotic performance of
a non-random network at a fraction of the communication cost.

