1: 
Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional
sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition.
Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example
robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information,
are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been
no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal
dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks
(MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision,
video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the
scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental
results are provided for two image segmentation tasks.

2: 
The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
  The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network
algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a
learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size.
We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate
some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally
we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of
ordering under certain limited conditions.

3: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

4: 
Automatic Detection of Pulmonary Embolism using Computational
  Intelligence
  This article describes the implementation of a system designed to
automatically detect the presence of pulmonary embolism in lung scans. These
images are firstly segmented, before alignment and feature extraction using
PCA. The neural network was trained using the Hybrid Monte Carlo method,
resulting in a committee of 250 neural networks and good results are obtained.

5: 
Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data
  Using Evolutionary Computing
  The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm
optimisation (PSO) and genetic algorithms (GA) to compensate for missing data
in classifying high voltage bushings. The classification is done using DGA data
from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104, IEC599 and IEEE production rates
methods for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. PSO and GA were compared in
terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both GA and PSO simulations
were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95% accuracy when only
one variable was missing. However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66% accuracy with
two variables missing simultaneously, compared to 84% for GA. The data
estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the
PSO.

