1: 
An Adaptive Strategy for the Classification of G-Protein Coupled
  Receptors
  One of the major problems in computational biology is the inability of
existing classification models to incorporate expanding and new domain
knowledge. This problem of static classification models is addressed in this
paper by the introduction of incremental learning for problems in
bioinformatics. Many machine learning tools have been applied to this problem
using static machine learning structures such as neural networks or support
vector machines that are unable to accommodate new information into their
existing models. We utilize the fuzzy ARTMAP as an alternate machine learning
system that has the ability of incrementally learning new data as it becomes
available. The fuzzy ARTMAP is found to be comparable to many of the widespread
machine learning systems. The use of an evolutionary strategy in the selection
and combination of individual classifiers into an ensemble system, coupled with
the incremental learning ability of the fuzzy ARTMAP is proven to be suitable
as a pattern classifier. The algorithm presented is tested using data from the
G-Coupled Protein Receptors Database and shows good accuracy of 83%. The system
presented is also generally applicable, and can be used in problems in genomics
and proteomics.

2: 
Ensemble Learning for Free with Evolutionary Algorithms ?
  Evolutionary Learning proceeds by evolving a population of classifiers, from
which it generally returns (with some notable exceptions) the single
best-of-run classifier as final result. In the meanwhile, Ensemble Learning,
one of the most efficient approaches in supervised Machine Learning for the
last decade, proceeds by building a population of diverse classifiers. Ensemble
Learning with Evolutionary Computation thus receives increasing attention. The
Evolutionary Ensemble Learning (EEL) approach presented in this paper features
two contributions. First, a new fitness function, inspired by co-evolution and
enforcing the classifier diversity, is presented. Further, a new selection
criterion based on the classification margin is proposed. This criterion is
used to extract the classifier ensemble from the final population only
(Off-line) or incrementally along evolution (On-line). Experiments on a set of
benchmark problems show that Off-line outperforms single-hypothesis
evolutionary learning and state-of-art Boosting and generates smaller
classifier ensembles.

3: 
Parametric Learning and Monte Carlo Optimization
  This paper uncovers and explores the close relationship between Monte Carlo
Optimization of a parametrized integral (MCO), Parametric machine-Learning
(PL), and `blackbox' or `oracle'-based optimization (BO). We make four
contributions. First, we prove that MCO is mathematically identical to a broad
class of PL problems. This identity potentially provides a new application
domain for all broadly applicable PL techniques: MCO. Second, we introduce
immediate sampling, a new version of the Probability Collectives (PC) algorithm
for blackbox optimization. Immediate sampling transforms the original BO
problem into an MCO problem. Accordingly, by combining these first two
contributions, we can apply all PL techniques to BO. In our third contribution
we validate this way of improving BO by demonstrating that cross-validation and
bagging improve immediate sampling. Finally, conventional MC and MCO procedures
ignore the relationship between the sample point locations and the associated
values of the integrand; only the values of the integrand at those locations
are considered. We demonstrate that one can exploit the sample location
information using PL techniques, for example by forming a fit of the sample
locations to the associated values of the integrand. This provides an
additional way to apply PL techniques to improve MCO.

4: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

5: 
Statistical Mechanics of Nonlinear On-line Learning for Ensemble
  Teachers
  We analyze the generalization performance of a student in a model composed of
nonlinear perceptrons: a true teacher, ensemble teachers, and the student. We
calculate the generalization error of the student analytically or numerically
using statistical mechanics in the framework of on-line learning. We treat two
well-known learning rules: Hebbian learning and perceptron learning. As a
result, it is proven that the nonlinear model shows qualitatively different
behaviors from the linear model. Moreover, it is clarified that Hebbian
learning and perceptron learning show qualitatively different behaviors from
each other. In Hebbian learning, we can analytically obtain the solutions. In
this case, the generalization error monotonically decreases. The steady value
of the generalization error is independent of the learning rate. The larger the
number of teachers is and the more variety the ensemble teachers have, the
smaller the generalization error is. In perceptron learning, we have to
numerically obtain the solutions. In this case, the dynamical behaviors of the
generalization error are non-monotonic. The smaller the learning rate is, the
larger the number of teachers is; and the more variety the ensemble teachers
have, the smaller the minimum value of the generalization error is.

