1: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

2: 
Modeling Computations in a Semantic Network
  Semantic network research has seen a resurgence from its early history in the
cognitive sciences with the inception of the Semantic Web initiative. The
Semantic Web effort has brought forth an array of technologies that support the
encoding, storage, and querying of the semantic network data structure at the
world stage. Currently, the popular conception of the Semantic Web is that of a
data modeling medium where real and conceptual entities are related in
semantically meaningful ways. However, new models have emerged that explicitly
encode procedural information within the semantic network substrate. With these
new technologies, the Semantic Web has evolved from a data modeling medium to a
computational medium. This article provides a classification of existing
computational modeling efforts and the requirements of supporting technologies
that will aid in the further growth of this burgeoning domain.

3: 
Network statistics on early English Syntax: Structural criteria
  This paper includes a reflection on the role of networks in the study of
English language acquisition, as well as a collection of practical criteria to
annotate free-speech corpora from children utterances. At the theoretical
level, the main claim of this paper is that syntactic networks should be
interpreted as the outcome of the use of the syntactic machinery. Thus, the
intrinsic features of such machinery are not accessible directly from (known)
network properties. Rather, what one can see are the global patterns of its use
and, thus, a global view of the power and organization of the underlying
grammar. Taking a look into more practical issues, the paper examines how to
build a net from the projection of syntactic relations. Recall that, as opposed
to adult grammars, early-child language has not a well-defined concept of
structure. To overcome such difficulty, we develop a set of systematic criteria
assuming constituency hierarchy and a grammar based on lexico-thematic
relations. At the end, what we obtain is a well defined corpora annotation that
enables us i) to perform statistics on the size of structures and ii) to build
a network from syntactic relations over which we can perform the standard
measures of complexity. We also provide a detailed example.

4: 
Direct Optimization of Ranking Measures
  Web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of
sophisticated performance measures. Current Support Vector approaches are
unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead. We
present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss
functions. This is achieved via structured estimation in Hilbert spaces. It is
most related to Max-Margin-Markov networks optimization of multivariate
performance measures. Key to our approach is that during training the ranking
problem can be viewed as a linear assignment problem, which can be solved by
the Hungarian Marriage algorithm. At test time, a sort operation is sufficient,
as our algorithm assigns a relevance score to every (document, query) pair.
Experiments show that the our algorithm is fast and that it works very well.

5: 
Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the
performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust,
multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have
been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the
robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network
system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face
recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the
multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the
face images corrupted by noise.

