1: 
An Independent Evaluation of Subspace Face Recognition Algorithms
  This paper explores a comparative study of both the linear and kernel
implementations of three of the most popular Appearance-based Face Recognition
projection classes, these being the methodologies of Principal Component
Analysis, Linear Discriminant Analysis and Independent Component Analysis. The
experimental procedure provides a platform of equal working conditions and
examines the ten algorithms in the categories of expression, illumination,
occlusion and temporal delay. The results are then evaluated based on a
sequential combination of assessment tools that facilitate both intuitive and
statistical decisiveness among the intra and interclass comparisons. The best
categorical algorithms are then incorporated into a hybrid methodology, where
the advantageous effects of fusion strategies are considered.

2: 
Support vector machine for functional data classification
  In many applications, input data are sampled functions taking their values in
infinite dimensional spaces rather than standard vectors. This fact has complex
consequences on data analysis algorithms that motivate modifications of them.
In fact most of the traditional data analysis tools for regression,
classification and clustering have been adapted to functional inputs under the
general name of functional Data Analysis (FDA). In this paper, we investigate
the use of Support Vector Machines (SVMs) for functional data analysis and we
focus on the problem of curves discrimination. SVMs are large margin classifier
tools based on implicit non linear mappings of the considered data into high
dimensional spaces thanks to kernels. We show how to define simple kernels that
take into account the unctional nature of the data and lead to consistent
classification. Experiments conducted on real world data emphasize the benefit
of taking into account some functional aspects of the problems.

3: 
Medical Image Segmentation and Localization using Deformable Templates
  This paper presents deformable templates as a tool for segmentation and
localization of biological structures in medical images. Structures are
represented by a prototype template, combined with a parametric warp mapping
used to deform the original shape. The localization procedure is achieved using
a multi-stage, multi-resolution algorithm de-signed to reduce computational
complexity and time. The algorithm initially identifies regions in the image
most likely to contain the desired objects and then examines these regions at
progressively increasing resolutions. The final stage of the algorithm involves
warping the prototype template to match the localized objects. The algorithm is
presented along with the results of four example applications using MRI, x-ray
and ultrasound images.

4: 
The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
  The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network
algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a
learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size.
We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate
some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally
we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of
ordering under certain limited conditions.

5: 
Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions
  using Artificial Neural Network
  This paper uses Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models to compute response of
structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi
ground motion data. The system is first trained for a single real earthquake
data. The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with
various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN
model are accurate for practical purposes. When the ANN is trained by a part of
the ground motion data, it can also identify the responses of the structural
system well. In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be
predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to
occur for the lessons. Time period and the corresponding maximum response of
the building for an earthquake has been evaluated, which is again trained to
predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods. The
trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real
earthquake data of other place, which was not used in the training and was
found to be in good agreement.

