1: 
Fault Classification in Cylinders Using Multilayer Perceptrons, Support
  Vector Machines and Guassian Mixture Models
  Gaussian mixture models (GMM) and support vector machines (SVM) are
introduced to classify faults in a population of cylindrical shells. The
proposed procedures are tested on a population of 20 cylindrical shells and
their performance is compared to the procedure, which uses multi-layer
perceptrons (MLP). The modal properties extracted from vibration data are used
to train the GMM, SVM and MLP. It is observed that the GMM produces 98%, SVM
produces 94% classification accuracy while the MLP produces 88% classification
rates.

2: 
Bayesian Approach to Neuro-Rough Models
  This paper proposes a neuro-rough model based on multi-layered perceptron and
rough set. The neuro-rough model is then tested on modelling the risk of HIV
from demographic data. The model is formulated using Bayesian framework and
trained using Monte Carlo method and Metropolis criterion. When the model was
tested to estimate the risk of HIV infection given the demographic data it was
found to give the accuracy of 62%. The proposed model is able to combine the
accuracy of the Bayesian MLP model and the transparency of Bayesian rough set
model.

3: 
Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions
  using Artificial Neural Network
  This paper uses Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models to compute response of
structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi
ground motion data. The system is first trained for a single real earthquake
data. The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with
various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN
model are accurate for practical purposes. When the ANN is trained by a part of
the ground motion data, it can also identify the responses of the structural
system well. In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be
predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to
occur for the lessons. Time period and the corresponding maximum response of
the building for an earthquake has been evaluated, which is again trained to
predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods. The
trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real
earthquake data of other place, which was not used in the training and was
found to be in good agreement.

4: 
A Novel Model of Working Set Selection for SMO Decomposition Methods
  In the process of training Support Vector Machines (SVMs) by decomposition
methods, working set selection is an important technique, and some exciting
schemes were employed into this field. To improve working set selection, we
propose a new model for working set selection in sequential minimal
optimization (SMO) decomposition methods. In this model, it selects B as
working set without reselection. Some properties are given by simple proof, and
experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is in general faster than
existing methods.

5: 
Bayesian approach to rough set
  This paper proposes an approach to training rough set models using Bayesian
framework trained using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method. The prior
probabilities are constructed from the prior knowledge that good rough set
models have fewer rules. Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling is conducted through
sampling in the rough set granule space and Metropolis algorithm is used as an
acceptance criteria. The proposed method is tested to estimate the risk of HIV
given demographic data. The results obtained shows that the proposed approach
is able to achieve an average accuracy of 58% with the accuracy varying up to
66%. In addition the Bayesian rough set give the probabilities of the estimated
HIV status as well as the linguistic rules describing how the demographic
parameters drive the risk of HIV.

