1: 
Automatic Detection of Pulmonary Embolism using Computational
  Intelligence
  This article describes the implementation of a system designed to
automatically detect the presence of pulmonary embolism in lung scans. These
images are firstly segmented, before alignment and feature extraction using
PCA. The neural network was trained using the Hybrid Monte Carlo method,
resulting in a committee of 250 neural networks and good results are obtained.

2: 
Text Line Segmentation of Historical Documents: a Survey
  There is a huge amount of historical documents in libraries and in various
National Archives that have not been exploited electronically. Although
automatic reading of complete pages remains, in most cases, a long-term
objective, tasks such as word spotting, text/image alignment, authentication
and extraction of specific fields are in use today. For all these tasks, a
major step is document segmentation into text lines. Because of the low quality
and the complexity of these documents (background noise, artifacts due to
aging, interfering lines),automatic text line segmentation remains an open
research field. The objective of this paper is to present a survey of existing
methods, developed during the last decade, and dedicated to documents of
historical interest.

3: 
Medical Image Segmentation and Localization using Deformable Templates
  This paper presents deformable templates as a tool for segmentation and
localization of biological structures in medical images. Structures are
represented by a prototype template, combined with a parametric warp mapping
used to deform the original shape. The localization procedure is achieved using
a multi-stage, multi-resolution algorithm de-signed to reduce computational
complexity and time. The algorithm initially identifies regions in the image
most likely to contain the desired objects and then examines these regions at
progressively increasing resolutions. The final stage of the algorithm involves
warping the prototype template to match the localized objects. The algorithm is
presented along with the results of four example applications using MRI, x-ray
and ultrasound images.

4: 
Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional
sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition.
Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example
robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information,
are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been
no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal
dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks
(MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision,
video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the
scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental
results are provided for two image segmentation tasks.

5: 
Truecluster matching
  Cluster matching by permuting cluster labels is important in many clustering
contexts such as cluster validation and cluster ensemble techniques. The
classic approach is to minimize the euclidean distance between two cluster
solutions which induces inappropriate stability in certain settings. Therefore,
we present the truematch algorithm that introduces two improvements best
explained in the crisp case. First, instead of maximizing the trace of the
cluster crosstable, we propose to maximize a chi-square transformation of this
crosstable. Thus, the trace will not be dominated by the cells with the largest
counts but by the cells with the most non-random observations, taking into
account the marginals. Second, we suggest a probabilistic component in order to
break ties and to make the matching algorithm truly random on random data. The
truematch algorithm is designed as a building block of the truecluster
framework and scales in polynomial time. First simulation results confirm that
the truematch algorithm gives more consistent truecluster results for unequal
cluster sizes. Free R software is available.

