1: 
The World as Evolving Information
  This paper discusses the benefits of describing the world as information,
especially in the study of the evolution of life and cognition. Traditional
studies encounter problems because it is difficult to describe life and
cognition in terms of matter and energy, since their laws are valid only at the
physical scale. However, if matter and energy, as well as life and cognition,
are described in terms of information, evolution can be described consistently
as information becoming more complex.
  The paper presents eight tentative laws of information, valid at multiple
scales, which are generalizations of Darwinian, cybernetic, thermodynamic,
psychological, philosophical, and complexity principles. These are further used
to discuss the notions of life, cognition and their evolution.

2: 
Evolving Symbolic Controllers
  The idea of symbolic controllers tries to bridge the gap between the top-down
manual design of the controller architecture, as advocated in Brooks'
subsumption architecture, and the bottom-up designer-free approach that is now
standard within the Evolutionary Robotics community. The designer provides a
set of elementary behavior, and evolution is given the goal of assembling them
to solve complex tasks. Two experiments are presented, demonstrating the
efficiency and showing the recursiveness of this approach. In particular, the
sensitivity with respect to the proposed elementary behaviors, and the
robustness w.r.t. generalization of the resulting controllers are studied in
detail.

3: 
MI image registration using prior knowledge
  Subtraction of aligned images is a means to assess changes in a wide variety
of clinical applications. In this paper we explore the information theoretical
origin of Mutual Information (MI), which is based on Shannon's entropy.However,
the interpretation of standard MI registration as a communication channel
suggests that MI is too restrictive a criterion. In this paper the concept of
Mutual Information (MI) is extended to (Normalized) Focussed Mutual Information
(FMI) to incorporate prior knowledge to overcome some shortcomings of MI. We
use this to develop new methodologies to successfully address specific
registration problems, the follow-up of dental restorations, cephalometry, and
the monitoring of implants.

4: 
Network statistics on early English Syntax: Structural criteria
  This paper includes a reflection on the role of networks in the study of
English language acquisition, as well as a collection of practical criteria to
annotate free-speech corpora from children utterances. At the theoretical
level, the main claim of this paper is that syntactic networks should be
interpreted as the outcome of the use of the syntactic machinery. Thus, the
intrinsic features of such machinery are not accessible directly from (known)
network properties. Rather, what one can see are the global patterns of its use
and, thus, a global view of the power and organization of the underlying
grammar. Taking a look into more practical issues, the paper examines how to
build a net from the projection of syntactic relations. Recall that, as opposed
to adult grammars, early-child language has not a well-defined concept of
structure. To overcome such difficulty, we develop a set of systematic criteria
assuming constituency hierarchy and a grammar based on lexico-thematic
relations. At the end, what we obtain is a well defined corpora annotation that
enables us i) to perform statistics on the size of structures and ii) to build
a network from syntactic relations over which we can perform the standard
measures of complexity. We also provide a detailed example.

5: 
HMM Speaker Identification Using Linear and Non-linear Merging
  Techniques
  Speaker identification is a powerful, non-invasive and in-expensive biometric
technique. The recognition accuracy, however, deteriorates when noise levels
affect a specific band of frequency. In this paper, we present a sub-band based
speaker identification that intends to improve the live testing performance.
Each frequency sub-band is processed and classified independently. We also
compare the linear and non-linear merging techniques for the sub-bands
recognizer. Support vector machines and Gaussian Mixture models are the
non-linear merging techniques that are investigated. Results showed that the
sub-band based method used with linear merging techniques enormously improved
the performance of the speaker identification over the performance of wide-band
recognizers when tested live. A live testing improvement of 9.78% was achieved

