1: 
Bayesian approach to rough set
  This paper proposes an approach to training rough set models using Bayesian
framework trained using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method. The prior
probabilities are constructed from the prior knowledge that good rough set
models have fewer rules. Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling is conducted through
sampling in the rough set granule space and Metropolis algorithm is used as an
acceptance criteria. The proposed method is tested to estimate the risk of HIV
given demographic data. The results obtained shows that the proposed approach
is able to achieve an average accuracy of 58% with the accuracy varying up to
66%. In addition the Bayesian rough set give the probabilities of the estimated
HIV status as well as the linguistic rules describing how the demographic
parameters drive the risk of HIV.

2: 
A tutorial on conformal prediction
  Conformal prediction uses past experience to determine precise levels of
confidence in new predictions. Given an error probability $\epsilon$, together
with a method that makes a prediction $\hat{y}$ of a label $y$, it produces a
set of labels, typically containing $\hat{y}$, that also contains $y$ with
probability $1-\epsilon$. Conformal prediction can be applied to any method for
producing $\hat{y}$: a nearest-neighbor method, a support-vector machine, ridge
regression, etc.
  Conformal prediction is designed for an on-line setting in which labels are
predicted successively, each one being revealed before the next is predicted.
The most novel and valuable feature of conformal prediction is that if the
successive examples are sampled independently from the same distribution, then
the successive predictions will be right $1-\epsilon$ of the time, even though
they are based on an accumulating dataset rather than on independent datasets.
  In addition to the model under which successive examples are sampled
independently, other on-line compression models can also use conformal
prediction. The widely used Gaussian linear model is one of these.
  This tutorial presents a self-contained account of the theory of conformal
prediction and works through several numerical examples. A more comprehensive
treatment of the topic is provided in "Algorithmic Learning in a Random World",
by Vladimir Vovk, Alex Gammerman, and Glenn Shafer (Springer, 2005).

3: 
Fault Classification in Cylinders Using Multilayer Perceptrons, Support
  Vector Machines and Guassian Mixture Models
  Gaussian mixture models (GMM) and support vector machines (SVM) are
introduced to classify faults in a population of cylindrical shells. The
proposed procedures are tested on a population of 20 cylindrical shells and
their performance is compared to the procedure, which uses multi-layer
perceptrons (MLP). The modal properties extracted from vibration data are used
to train the GMM, SVM and MLP. It is observed that the GMM produces 98%, SVM
produces 94% classification accuracy while the MLP produces 88% classification
rates.

4: 
Fault Classification using Pseudomodal Energies and Neuro-fuzzy
  modelling
  This paper presents a fault classification method which makes use of a
Takagi-Sugeno neuro-fuzzy model and Pseudomodal energies calculated from the
vibration signals of cylindrical shells. The calculation of Pseudomodal
Energies, for the purposes of condition monitoring, has previously been found
to be an accurate method of extracting features from vibration signals. This
calculation is therefore used to extract features from vibration signals
obtained from a diverse population of cylindrical shells. Some of the cylinders
in the population have faults in different substructures. The pseudomodal
energies calculated from the vibration signals are then used as inputs to a
neuro-fuzzy model. A leave-one-out cross-validation process is used to test the
performance of the model. It is found that the neuro-fuzzy model is able to
classify faults with an accuracy of 91.62%, which is higher than the previously
used multilayer perceptron.

5: 
Virtual Sensor Based Fault Detection and Classification on a Plasma Etch
  Reactor
  The SEMATECH sponsored J-88-E project teaming Texas Instruments with
NeuroDyne (et al.) focused on Fault Detection and Classification (FDC) on a Lam
9600 aluminum plasma etch reactor, used in the process of semiconductor
fabrication. Fault classification was accomplished by implementing a series of
virtual sensor models which used data from real sensors (Lam Station sensors,
Optical Emission Spectroscopy, and RF Monitoring) to predict recipe setpoints
and wafer state characteristics. Fault detection and classification were
performed by comparing predicted recipe and wafer state values with expected
values. Models utilized include linear PLS, Polynomial PLS, and Neural Network
PLS. Prediction of recipe setpoints based upon sensor data provides a
capability for cross-checking that the machine is maintaining the desired
setpoints. Wafer state characteristics such as Line Width Reduction and
Remaining Oxide were estimated on-line using these same process sensors (Lam,
OES, RFM). Wafer-to-wafer measurement of these characteristics in a production
setting (where typically this information may be only sparsely available, if at
all, after batch processing runs with numerous wafers have been completed)
would provide important information to the operator that the process is or is
not producing wafers within acceptable bounds of product quality. Production
yield is increased, and correspondingly per unit cost is reduced, by providing
the operator with the opportunity to adjust the process or machine before
etching more wafers.

