1: 
The Road to Quantum Artificial Intelligence
  This paper overviews the basic principles and recent advances in the emerging
field of Quantum Computation (QC), highlighting its potential application to
Artificial Intelligence (AI). The paper provides a very brief introduction to
basic QC issues like quantum registers, quantum gates and quantum algorithms
and then it presents references, ideas and research guidelines on how QC can be
used to deal with some basic AI problems, such as search and pattern matching,
as soon as quantum computers become widely available.

2: 
Personalizing Image Search Results on Flickr
  The social media site Flickr allows users to upload their photos, annotate
them with tags, submit them to groups, and also to form social networks by
adding other users as contacts. Flickr offers multiple ways of browsing or
searching it. One option is tag search, which returns all images tagged with a
specific keyword. If the keyword is ambiguous, e.g., ``beetle'' could mean an
insect or a car, tag search results will include many images that are not
relevant to the sense the user had in mind when executing the query. We claim
that users express their photography interests through the metadata they add in
the form of contacts and image annotations. We show how to exploit this
metadata to personalize search results for the user, thereby improving search
performance. First, we show that we can significantly improve search precision
by filtering tag search results by user's contacts or a larger social network
that includes those contact's contacts. Secondly, we describe a probabilistic
model that takes advantage of tag information to discover latent topics
contained in the search results. The users' interests can similarly be
described by the tags they used for annotating their images. The latent topics
found by the model are then used to personalize search results by finding
images on topics that are of interest to the user.

3: 
Evolutionary Optimisation Methods for Template Based Image Registration
  This paper investigates the use of evolutionary optimisation techniques to
register a template with a scene image. An error function is created to measure
the correspondence of the template to the image. The problem presented here is
to optimise the horizontal, vertical and scaling parameters that register the
template with the scene. The Genetic Algorithm, Simulated Annealing and
Particle Swarm Optimisations are compared to a Nelder-Mead Simplex optimisation
with starting points chosen in a pre-processing stage. The paper investigates
the precision and accuracy of each method and shows that all four methods
perform favourably for image registration. SA is the most precise, GA is the
most accurate. PSO is a good mix of both and the Simplex method returns local
minima the most. A pre-processing stage should be investigated for the
evolutionary methods in order to improve performance. Discrete versions of the
optimisation methods should be investigated to further improve computational
performance.

4: 
Medical Image Segmentation and Localization using Deformable Templates
  This paper presents deformable templates as a tool for segmentation and
localization of biological structures in medical images. Structures are
represented by a prototype template, combined with a parametric warp mapping
used to deform the original shape. The localization procedure is achieved using
a multi-stage, multi-resolution algorithm de-signed to reduce computational
complexity and time. The algorithm initially identifies regions in the image
most likely to contain the desired objects and then examines these regions at
progressively increasing resolutions. The final stage of the algorithm involves
warping the prototype template to match the localized objects. The algorithm is
presented along with the results of four example applications using MRI, x-ray
and ultrasound images.

5: 
Ensemble Learning for Free with Evolutionary Algorithms ?
  Evolutionary Learning proceeds by evolving a population of classifiers, from
which it generally returns (with some notable exceptions) the single
best-of-run classifier as final result. In the meanwhile, Ensemble Learning,
one of the most efficient approaches in supervised Machine Learning for the
last decade, proceeds by building a population of diverse classifiers. Ensemble
Learning with Evolutionary Computation thus receives increasing attention. The
Evolutionary Ensemble Learning (EEL) approach presented in this paper features
two contributions. First, a new fitness function, inspired by co-evolution and
enforcing the classifier diversity, is presented. Further, a new selection
criterion based on the classification margin is proposed. This criterion is
used to extract the classifier ensemble from the final population only
(Off-line) or incrementally along evolution (On-line). Experiments on a set of
benchmark problems show that Off-line outperforms single-hypothesis
evolutionary learning and state-of-art Boosting and generates smaller
classifier ensembles.

