1: 
Introduction to Arabic Speech Recognition Using CMUSphinx System
  In this paper Arabic was investigated from the speech recognition problem
point of view. We propose a novel approach to build an Arabic Automated Speech
Recognition System (ASR). This system is based on the open source CMU Sphinx-4,
from the Carnegie Mellon University. CMU Sphinx is a large-vocabulary;
speaker-independent, continuous speech recognition system based on discrete
Hidden Markov Models (HMMs). We build a model using utilities from the
OpenSource CMU Sphinx. We will demonstrate the possible adaptability of this
system to Arabic voice recognition.

2: 
Bayesian approach to rough set
  This paper proposes an approach to training rough set models using Bayesian
framework trained using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method. The prior
probabilities are constructed from the prior knowledge that good rough set
models have fewer rules. Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling is conducted through
sampling in the rough set granule space and Metropolis algorithm is used as an
acceptance criteria. The proposed method is tested to estimate the risk of HIV
given demographic data. The results obtained shows that the proposed approach
is able to achieve an average accuracy of 58% with the accuracy varying up to
66%. In addition the Bayesian rough set give the probabilities of the estimated
HIV status as well as the linguistic rules describing how the demographic
parameters drive the risk of HIV.

3: 
HMM Speaker Identification Using Linear and Non-linear Merging
  Techniques
  Speaker identification is a powerful, non-invasive and in-expensive biometric
technique. The recognition accuracy, however, deteriorates when noise levels
affect a specific band of frequency. In this paper, we present a sub-band based
speaker identification that intends to improve the live testing performance.
Each frequency sub-band is processed and classified independently. We also
compare the linear and non-linear merging techniques for the sub-bands
recognizer. Support vector machines and Gaussian Mixture models are the
non-linear merging techniques that are investigated. Results showed that the
sub-band based method used with linear merging techniques enormously improved
the performance of the speaker identification over the performance of wide-band
recognizers when tested live. A live testing improvement of 9.78% was achieved

4: 
Temporal Reasoning without Transitive Tables
  Representing and reasoning about qualitative temporal information is an
essential part of many artificial intelligence tasks. Lots of models have been
proposed in the litterature for representing such temporal information. All
derive from a point-based or an interval-based framework. One fundamental
reasoning task that arises in applications of these frameworks is given by the
following scheme: given possibly indefinite and incomplete knowledge of the
binary relationships between some temporal objects, find the consistent
scenarii between all these objects. All these models require transitive tables
-- or similarly inference rules-- for solving such tasks. We have defined an
alternative model, S-languages - to represent qualitative temporal information,
based on the only two relations of \emph{precedence} and \emph{simultaneity}.
In this paper, we show how this model enables to avoid transitive tables or
inference rules to handle this kind of problem.

5: 
Personalizing Image Search Results on Flickr
  The social media site Flickr allows users to upload their photos, annotate
them with tags, submit them to groups, and also to form social networks by
adding other users as contacts. Flickr offers multiple ways of browsing or
searching it. One option is tag search, which returns all images tagged with a
specific keyword. If the keyword is ambiguous, e.g., ``beetle'' could mean an
insect or a car, tag search results will include many images that are not
relevant to the sense the user had in mind when executing the query. We claim
that users express their photography interests through the metadata they add in
the form of contacts and image annotations. We show how to exploit this
metadata to personalize search results for the user, thereby improving search
performance. First, we show that we can significantly improve search precision
by filtering tag search results by user's contacts or a larger social network
that includes those contact's contacts. Secondly, we describe a probabilistic
model that takes advantage of tag information to discover latent topics
contained in the search results. The users' interests can similarly be
described by the tags they used for annotating their images. The latent topics
found by the model are then used to personalize search results by finding
images on topics that are of interest to the user.

