1: 
Intelligent location of simultaneously active acoustic emission sources:
  Part II
  Part I describes an intelligent acoustic emission locator, while Part II
discusses blind source separation, time delay estimation and location of two
continuous acoustic emission sources.
  Acoustic emission (AE) analysis is used for characterization and location of
developing defects in materials. AE sources often generate a mixture of various
statistically independent signals. A difficult problem of AE analysis is
separation and characterization of signal components when the signals from
various sources and the mode of mixing are unknown. Recently, blind source
separation (BSS) by independent component analysis (ICA) has been used to solve
these problems. The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the applicability
of ICA to locate two independent simultaneously active acoustic emission
sources on an aluminum band specimen. The method is promising for
non-destructive testing of aircraft frame structures by acoustic emission
analysis.

2: 
Statistical Mechanics of Nonlinear On-line Learning for Ensemble
  Teachers
  We analyze the generalization performance of a student in a model composed of
nonlinear perceptrons: a true teacher, ensemble teachers, and the student. We
calculate the generalization error of the student analytically or numerically
using statistical mechanics in the framework of on-line learning. We treat two
well-known learning rules: Hebbian learning and perceptron learning. As a
result, it is proven that the nonlinear model shows qualitatively different
behaviors from the linear model. Moreover, it is clarified that Hebbian
learning and perceptron learning show qualitatively different behaviors from
each other. In Hebbian learning, we can analytically obtain the solutions. In
this case, the generalization error monotonically decreases. The steady value
of the generalization error is independent of the learning rate. The larger the
number of teachers is and the more variety the ensemble teachers have, the
smaller the generalization error is. In perceptron learning, we have to
numerically obtain the solutions. In this case, the dynamical behaviors of the
generalization error are non-monotonic. The smaller the learning rate is, the
larger the number of teachers is; and the more variety the ensemble teachers
have, the smaller the minimum value of the generalization error is.

3: 
Unicast and Multicast Qos Routing with Soft Constraint Logic Programming
  We present a formal model to represent and solve the unicast/multicast
routing problem in networks with Quality of Service (QoS) requirements. To
attain this, first we translate the network adapting it to a weighted graph
(unicast) or and-or graph (multicast), where the weight on a connector
corresponds to the multidimensional cost of sending a packet on the related
network link: each component of the weights vector represents a different QoS
metric value (e.g. bandwidth, cost, delay, packet loss). The second step
consists in writing this graph as a program in Soft Constraint Logic
Programming (SCLP): the engine of this framework is then able to find the best
paths/trees by optimizing their costs and solving the constraints imposed on
them (e.g. delay < 40msec), thus finding a solution to QoS routing problems.
Moreover, c-semiring structures are a convenient tool to model QoS metrics. At
last, we provide an implementation of the framework over scale-free networks
and we suggest how the performance can be improved.

4: 
On complexity of optimized crossover for binary representations
  We consider the computational complexity of producing the best possible
offspring in a crossover, given two solutions of the parents. The crossover
operators are studied on the class of Boolean linear programming problems,
where the Boolean vector of variables is used as the solution representation.
By means of efficient reductions of the optimized gene transmitting crossover
problems (OGTC) we show the polynomial solvability of the OGTC for the maximum
weight set packing problem, the minimum weight set partition problem and for
one of the versions of the simple plant location problem. We study a connection
between the OGTC for linear Boolean programming problem and the maximum weight
independent set problem on 2-colorable hypergraph and prove the NP-hardness of
several special cases of the OGTC problem in Boolean linear programming.

5: 
Direct Optimization of Ranking Measures
  Web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of
sophisticated performance measures. Current Support Vector approaches are
unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead. We
present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss
functions. This is achieved via structured estimation in Hilbert spaces. It is
most related to Max-Margin-Markov networks optimization of multivariate
performance measures. Key to our approach is that during training the ranking
problem can be viewed as a linear assignment problem, which can be solved by
the Hungarian Marriage algorithm. At test time, a sort operation is sufficient,
as our algorithm assigns a relevance score to every (document, query) pair.
Experiments show that the our algorithm is fast and that it works very well.

