1: 
A study of structural properties on profiles HMMs
  Motivation: Profile hidden Markov Models (pHMMs) are a popular and very
useful tool in the detection of the remote homologue protein families.
Unfortunately, their performance is not always satisfactory when proteins are
in the 'twilight zone'. We present HMMER-STRUCT, a model construction algorithm
and tool that tries to improve pHMM performance by using structural information
while training pHMMs. As a first step, HMMER-STRUCT constructs a set of pHMMs.
Each pHMM is constructed by weighting each residue in an aligned protein
according to a specific structural property of the residue. Properties used
were primary, secondary and tertiary structures, accessibility and packing.
HMMER-STRUCT then prioritizes the results by voting. Results: We used the SCOP
database to perform our experiments. Throughout, we apply leave-one-family-out
cross-validation over protein superfamilies. First, we used the MAMMOTH-mult
structural aligner to align the training set proteins. Then, we performed two
sets of experiments. In a first experiment, we compared structure weighted
models against standard pHMMs and against each other. In a second experiment,
we compared the voting model against individual pHMMs. We compare method
performance through ROC curves and through Precision/Recall curves, and assess
significance through the paired two tailed t-test. Our results show significant
performance improvements of all structurally weighted models over default
HMMER, and a significant improvement in sensitivity of the combined models over
both the original model and the structurally weighted models.

2: 
A Novel Model of Working Set Selection for SMO Decomposition Methods
  In the process of training Support Vector Machines (SVMs) by decomposition
methods, working set selection is an important technique, and some exciting
schemes were employed into this field. To improve working set selection, we
propose a new model for working set selection in sequential minimal
optimization (SMO) decomposition methods. In this model, it selects B as
working set without reselection. Some properties are given by simple proof, and
experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is in general faster than
existing methods.

3: 
Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions
  using Artificial Neural Network
  This paper uses Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models to compute response of
structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi
ground motion data. The system is first trained for a single real earthquake
data. The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with
various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN
model are accurate for practical purposes. When the ANN is trained by a part of
the ground motion data, it can also identify the responses of the structural
system well. In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be
predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to
occur for the lessons. Time period and the corresponding maximum response of
the building for an earthquake has been evaluated, which is again trained to
predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods. The
trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real
earthquake data of other place, which was not used in the training and was
found to be in good agreement.

4: 
Unicast and Multicast Qos Routing with Soft Constraint Logic Programming
  We present a formal model to represent and solve the unicast/multicast
routing problem in networks with Quality of Service (QoS) requirements. To
attain this, first we translate the network adapting it to a weighted graph
(unicast) or and-or graph (multicast), where the weight on a connector
corresponds to the multidimensional cost of sending a packet on the related
network link: each component of the weights vector represents a different QoS
metric value (e.g. bandwidth, cost, delay, packet loss). The second step
consists in writing this graph as a program in Soft Constraint Logic
Programming (SCLP): the engine of this framework is then able to find the best
paths/trees by optimizing their costs and solving the constraints imposed on
them (e.g. delay < 40msec), thus finding a solution to QoS routing problems.
Moreover, c-semiring structures are a convenient tool to model QoS metrics. At
last, we provide an implementation of the framework over scale-free networks
and we suggest how the performance can be improved.

5: 
On-Line Condition Monitoring using Computational Intelligence
  This paper presents bushing condition monitoring frameworks that use
multi-layer perceptrons (MLP), radial basis functions (RBF) and support vector
machines (SVM) classifiers. The first level of the framework determines if the
bushing is faulty or not while the second level determines the type of fault.
The diagnostic gases in the bushings are analyzed using the dissolve gas
analysis. MLP gives superior performance in terms of accuracy and training time
than SVM and RBF. In addition, an on-line bushing condition monitoring
approach, which is able to adapt to newly acquired data are introduced. This
approach is able to accommodate new classes that are introduced by incoming
data and is implemented using an incremental learning algorithm that uses MLP.
The testing results improved from 67.5% to 95.8% as new data were introduced
and the testing results improved from 60% to 95.3% as new conditions were
introduced. On average the confidence value of the framework on its decision
was 0.92.

