1: 
Robust Multi-Cellular Developmental Design
  This paper introduces a continuous model for Multi-cellular Developmental
Design. The cells are fixed on a 2D grid and exchange "chemicals" with their
neighbors during the growth process. The quantity of chemicals that a cell
produces, as well as the differentiation value of the cell in the phenotype,
are controlled by a Neural Network (the genotype) that takes as inputs the
chemicals produced by the neighboring cells at the previous time step. In the
proposed model, the number of iterations of the growth process is not
pre-determined, but emerges during evolution: only organisms for which the
growth process stabilizes give a phenotype (the stable state), others are
declared nonviable. The optimization of the controller is done using the NEAT
algorithm, that optimizes both the topology and the weights of the Neural
Networks. Though each cell only receives local information from its neighbors,
the experimental results of the proposed approach on the 'flags' problems (the
phenotype must match a given 2D pattern) are almost as good as those of a
direct regression approach using the same model with global information.
Moreover, the resulting multi-cellular organisms exhibit almost perfect
self-healing characteristics.

2: 
Virtual Sensor Based Fault Detection and Classification on a Plasma Etch
  Reactor
  The SEMATECH sponsored J-88-E project teaming Texas Instruments with
NeuroDyne (et al.) focused on Fault Detection and Classification (FDC) on a Lam
9600 aluminum plasma etch reactor, used in the process of semiconductor
fabrication. Fault classification was accomplished by implementing a series of
virtual sensor models which used data from real sensors (Lam Station sensors,
Optical Emission Spectroscopy, and RF Monitoring) to predict recipe setpoints
and wafer state characteristics. Fault detection and classification were
performed by comparing predicted recipe and wafer state values with expected
values. Models utilized include linear PLS, Polynomial PLS, and Neural Network
PLS. Prediction of recipe setpoints based upon sensor data provides a
capability for cross-checking that the machine is maintaining the desired
setpoints. Wafer state characteristics such as Line Width Reduction and
Remaining Oxide were estimated on-line using these same process sensors (Lam,
OES, RFM). Wafer-to-wafer measurement of these characteristics in a production
setting (where typically this information may be only sparsely available, if at
all, after batch processing runs with numerous wafers have been completed)
would provide important information to the operator that the process is or is
not producing wafers within acceptable bounds of product quality. Production
yield is increased, and correspondingly per unit cost is reduced, by providing
the operator with the opportunity to adjust the process or machine before
etching more wafers.

3: 
A Novel Model of Working Set Selection for SMO Decomposition Methods
  In the process of training Support Vector Machines (SVMs) by decomposition
methods, working set selection is an important technique, and some exciting
schemes were employed into this field. To improve working set selection, we
propose a new model for working set selection in sequential minimal
optimization (SMO) decomposition methods. In this model, it selects B as
working set without reselection. Some properties are given by simple proof, and
experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is in general faster than
existing methods.

4: 
Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the
performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust,
multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have
been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the
robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network
system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face
recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the
multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the
face images corrupted by noise.

5: 
Structural Health Monitoring Using Neural Network Based Vibrational
  System Identification
  Composite fabrication technologies now provide the means for producing
high-strength, low-weight panels, plates, spars and other structural components
which use embedded fiber optic sensors and piezoelectric transducers. These
materials, often referred to as smart structures, make it possible to sense
internal characteristics, such as delaminations or structural degradation. In
this effort we use neural network based techniques for modeling and analyzing
dynamic structural information for recognizing structural defects. This yields
an adaptable system which gives a measure of structural integrity for composite
structures.

