1: 
The on-line shortest path problem under partial monitoring
  The on-line shortest path problem is considered under various models of
partial monitoring. Given a weighted directed acyclic graph whose edge weights
can change in an arbitrary (adversarial) way, a decision maker has to choose in
each round of a game a path between two distinguished vertices such that the
loss of the chosen path (defined as the sum of the weights of its composing
edges) be as small as possible. In a setting generalizing the multi-armed
bandit problem, after choosing a path, the decision maker learns only the
weights of those edges that belong to the chosen path. For this problem, an
algorithm is given whose average cumulative loss in n rounds exceeds that of
the best path, matched off-line to the entire sequence of the edge weights, by
a quantity that is proportional to 1/\sqrt{n} and depends only polynomially on
the number of edges of the graph. The algorithm can be implemented with linear
complexity in the number of rounds n and in the number of edges. An extension
to the so-called label efficient setting is also given, in which the decision
maker is informed about the weights of the edges corresponding to the chosen
path at a total of m << n time instances. Another extension is shown where the
decision maker competes against a time-varying path, a generalization of the
problem of tracking the best expert. A version of the multi-armed bandit
setting for shortest path is also discussed where the decision maker learns
only the total weight of the chosen path but not the weights of the individual
edges on the path. Applications to routing in packet switched networks along
with simulation results are also presented.

2: 
Unicast and Multicast Qos Routing with Soft Constraint Logic Programming
  We present a formal model to represent and solve the unicast/multicast
routing problem in networks with Quality of Service (QoS) requirements. To
attain this, first we translate the network adapting it to a weighted graph
(unicast) or and-or graph (multicast), where the weight on a connector
corresponds to the multidimensional cost of sending a packet on the related
network link: each component of the weights vector represents a different QoS
metric value (e.g. bandwidth, cost, delay, packet loss). The second step
consists in writing this graph as a program in Soft Constraint Logic
Programming (SCLP): the engine of this framework is then able to find the best
paths/trees by optimizing their costs and solving the constraints imposed on
them (e.g. delay < 40msec), thus finding a solution to QoS routing problems.
Moreover, c-semiring structures are a convenient tool to model QoS metrics. At
last, we provide an implementation of the framework over scale-free networks
and we suggest how the performance can be improved.

3: 
Soft constraint abstraction based on semiring homomorphism
  The semiring-based constraint satisfaction problems (semiring CSPs), proposed
by Bistarelli, Montanari and Rossi \cite{BMR97}, is a very general framework of
soft constraints. In this paper we propose an abstraction scheme for soft
constraints that uses semiring homomorphism. To find optimal solutions of the
concrete problem, the idea is, first working in the abstract problem and
finding its optimal solutions, then using them to solve the concrete problem.
  In particular, we show that a mapping preserves optimal solutions if and only
if it is an order-reflecting semiring homomorphism. Moreover, for a semiring
homomorphism $\alpha$ and a problem $P$ over $S$, if $t$ is optimal in
$\alpha(P)$, then there is an optimal solution $\bar{t}$ of $P$ such that
$\bar{t}$ has the same value as $t$ in $\alpha(P)$.

4: 
Fuzzy Artmap and Neural Network Approach to Online Processing of Inputs
  with Missing Values
  An ensemble based approach for dealing with missing data, without predicting
or imputing the missing values is proposed. This technique is suitable for
online operations of neural networks and as a result, is used for online
condition monitoring. The proposed technique is tested in both classification
and regression problems. An ensemble of Fuzzy-ARTMAPs is used for
classification whereas an ensemble of multi-layer perceptrons is used for the
regression problem. Results obtained using this ensemble-based technique are
compared to those obtained using a combination of auto-associative neural
networks and genetic algorithms and findings show that this method can perform
up to 9% better in regression problems. Another advantage of the proposed
technique is that it eliminates the need for finding the best estimate of the
data, and hence, saves time.

5: 
Generalizing Consistency and other Constraint Properties to Quantified
  Constraints
  Quantified constraints and Quantified Boolean Formulae are typically much
more difficult to reason with than classical constraints, because quantifier
alternation makes the usual notion of solution inappropriate. As a consequence,
basic properties of Constraint Satisfaction Problems (CSP), such as consistency
or substitutability, are not completely understood in the quantified case.
These properties are important because they are the basis of most of the
reasoning methods used to solve classical (existentially quantified)
constraints, and one would like to benefit from similar reasoning methods in
the resolution of quantified constraints. In this paper, we show that most of
the properties that are used by solvers for CSP can be generalized to
quantified CSP. This requires a re-thinking of a number of basic concepts; in
particular, we propose a notion of outcome that generalizes the classical
notion of solution and on which all definitions are based. We propose a
systematic study of the relations which hold between these properties, as well
as complexity results regarding the decision of these properties. Finally, and
since these problems are typically intractable, we generalize the approach used
in CSP and propose weaker, easier to check notions based on locality, which
allow to detect these properties incompletely but in polynomial time.

