1: 
An Adaptive Strategy for the Classification of G-Protein Coupled
  Receptors
  One of the major problems in computational biology is the inability of
existing classification models to incorporate expanding and new domain
knowledge. This problem of static classification models is addressed in this
paper by the introduction of incremental learning for problems in
bioinformatics. Many machine learning tools have been applied to this problem
using static machine learning structures such as neural networks or support
vector machines that are unable to accommodate new information into their
existing models. We utilize the fuzzy ARTMAP as an alternate machine learning
system that has the ability of incrementally learning new data as it becomes
available. The fuzzy ARTMAP is found to be comparable to many of the widespread
machine learning systems. The use of an evolutionary strategy in the selection
and combination of individual classifiers into an ensemble system, coupled with
the incremental learning ability of the fuzzy ARTMAP is proven to be suitable
as a pattern classifier. The algorithm presented is tested using data from the
G-Coupled Protein Receptors Database and shows good accuracy of 83%. The system
presented is also generally applicable, and can be used in problems in genomics
and proteomics.

2: 
The on-line shortest path problem under partial monitoring
  The on-line shortest path problem is considered under various models of
partial monitoring. Given a weighted directed acyclic graph whose edge weights
can change in an arbitrary (adversarial) way, a decision maker has to choose in
each round of a game a path between two distinguished vertices such that the
loss of the chosen path (defined as the sum of the weights of its composing
edges) be as small as possible. In a setting generalizing the multi-armed
bandit problem, after choosing a path, the decision maker learns only the
weights of those edges that belong to the chosen path. For this problem, an
algorithm is given whose average cumulative loss in n rounds exceeds that of
the best path, matched off-line to the entire sequence of the edge weights, by
a quantity that is proportional to 1/\sqrt{n} and depends only polynomially on
the number of edges of the graph. The algorithm can be implemented with linear
complexity in the number of rounds n and in the number of edges. An extension
to the so-called label efficient setting is also given, in which the decision
maker is informed about the weights of the edges corresponding to the chosen
path at a total of m << n time instances. Another extension is shown where the
decision maker competes against a time-varying path, a generalization of the
problem of tracking the best expert. A version of the multi-armed bandit
setting for shortest path is also discussed where the decision maker learns
only the total weight of the chosen path but not the weights of the individual
edges on the path. Applications to routing in packet switched networks along
with simulation results are also presented.

3: 
Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the
performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust,
multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have
been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the
robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network
system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face
recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the
multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the
face images corrupted by noise.

4: 
An Independent Evaluation of Subspace Face Recognition Algorithms
  This paper explores a comparative study of both the linear and kernel
implementations of three of the most popular Appearance-based Face Recognition
projection classes, these being the methodologies of Principal Component
Analysis, Linear Discriminant Analysis and Independent Component Analysis. The
experimental procedure provides a platform of equal working conditions and
examines the ten algorithms in the categories of expression, illumination,
occlusion and temporal delay. The results are then evaluated based on a
sequential combination of assessment tools that facilitate both intuitive and
statistical decisiveness among the intra and interclass comparisons. The best
categorical algorithms are then incorporated into a hybrid methodology, where
the advantageous effects of fusion strategies are considered.

5: 
Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional
sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition.
Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example
robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information,
are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been
no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal
dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks
(MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision,
video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the
scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental
results are provided for two image segmentation tasks.

