1: 
Text Line Segmentation of Historical Documents: a Survey
  There is a huge amount of historical documents in libraries and in various
National Archives that have not been exploited electronically. Although
automatic reading of complete pages remains, in most cases, a long-term
objective, tasks such as word spotting, text/image alignment, authentication
and extraction of specific fields are in use today. For all these tasks, a
major step is document segmentation into text lines. Because of the low quality
and the complexity of these documents (background noise, artifacts due to
aging, interfering lines),automatic text line segmentation remains an open
research field. The objective of this paper is to present a survey of existing
methods, developed during the last decade, and dedicated to documents of
historical interest.

2: 
Enhancement of Noisy Planar Nuclear Medicine Images using Mean Field
  Annealing
  Nuclear medicine (NM) images inherently suffer from large amounts of noise
and blur. The purpose of this research is to reduce the noise and blur while
maintaining image integrity for improved diagnosis. The proposed solution is to
increase image quality after the standard pre- and post-processing undertaken
by a gamma camera system. Mean Field Annealing (MFA) is the image processing
technique used in this research. It is a computational iterative technique that
makes use of the Point Spread Function (PSF) and the noise associated with the
NM image. MFA is applied to NM images with the objective of reducing noise
while not compromising edge integrity. Using a sharpening filter as a
post-processing technique (after MFA) yields image enhancement of planar NM
images.

3: 
Medical Image Segmentation and Localization using Deformable Templates
  This paper presents deformable templates as a tool for segmentation and
localization of biological structures in medical images. Structures are
represented by a prototype template, combined with a parametric warp mapping
used to deform the original shape. The localization procedure is achieved using
a multi-stage, multi-resolution algorithm de-signed to reduce computational
complexity and time. The algorithm initially identifies regions in the image
most likely to contain the desired objects and then examines these regions at
progressively increasing resolutions. The final stage of the algorithm involves
warping the prototype template to match the localized objects. The algorithm is
presented along with the results of four example applications using MRI, x-ray
and ultrasound images.

4: 
Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional
sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition.
Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example
robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information,
are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been
no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal
dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks
(MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision,
video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the
scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental
results are provided for two image segmentation tasks.

5: 
Evolutionary Optimisation Methods for Template Based Image Registration
  This paper investigates the use of evolutionary optimisation techniques to
register a template with a scene image. An error function is created to measure
the correspondence of the template to the image. The problem presented here is
to optimise the horizontal, vertical and scaling parameters that register the
template with the scene. The Genetic Algorithm, Simulated Annealing and
Particle Swarm Optimisations are compared to a Nelder-Mead Simplex optimisation
with starting points chosen in a pre-processing stage. The paper investigates
the precision and accuracy of each method and shows that all four methods
perform favourably for image registration. SA is the most precise, GA is the
most accurate. PSO is a good mix of both and the Simplex method returns local
minima the most. A pre-processing stage should be investigated for the
evolutionary methods in order to improve performance. Discrete versions of the
optimisation methods should be investigated to further improve computational
performance.

