1: 
Morphing Ensemble Kalman Filters
  A new type of ensemble filter is proposed, which combines an ensemble Kalman
filter (EnKF) with the ideas of morphing and registration from image
processing. This results in filters suitable for nonlinear problems whose
solutions exhibit moving coherent features, such as thin interfaces in wildfire
modeling. The ensemble members are represented as the composition of one common
state with a spatial transformation, called registration mapping, plus a
residual. A fully automatic registration method is used that requires only
gridded data, so the features in the model state do not need to be identified
by the user. The morphing EnKF operates on a transformed state consisting of
the registration mapping and the residual. Essentially, the morphing EnKF uses
intermediate states obtained by morphing instead of linear combinations of the
states.

2: 
Arabic Speech Recognition System using CMU-Sphinx4
  In this paper we present the creation of an Arabic version of Automated
Speech Recognition System (ASR). This system is based on the open source
Sphinx-4, from the Carnegie Mellon University. Which is a speech recognition
system based on discrete hidden Markov models (HMMs). We investigate the
changes that must be made to the model to adapt Arabic voice recognition.
  Keywords: Speech recognition, Acoustic model, Arabic language, HMMs,
CMUSphinx-4, Artificial intelligence.

3: 
Introduction to Arabic Speech Recognition Using CMUSphinx System
  In this paper Arabic was investigated from the speech recognition problem
point of view. We propose a novel approach to build an Arabic Automated Speech
Recognition System (ASR). This system is based on the open source CMU Sphinx-4,
from the Carnegie Mellon University. CMU Sphinx is a large-vocabulary;
speaker-independent, continuous speech recognition system based on discrete
Hidden Markov Models (HMMs). We build a model using utilities from the
OpenSource CMU Sphinx. We will demonstrate the possible adaptability of this
system to Arabic voice recognition.

4: 
HMM Speaker Identification Using Linear and Non-linear Merging
  Techniques
  Speaker identification is a powerful, non-invasive and in-expensive biometric
technique. The recognition accuracy, however, deteriorates when noise levels
affect a specific band of frequency. In this paper, we present a sub-band based
speaker identification that intends to improve the live testing performance.
Each frequency sub-band is processed and classified independently. We also
compare the linear and non-linear merging techniques for the sub-bands
recognizer. Support vector machines and Gaussian Mixture models are the
non-linear merging techniques that are investigated. Results showed that the
sub-band based method used with linear merging techniques enormously improved
the performance of the speaker identification over the performance of wide-band
recognizers when tested live. A live testing improvement of 9.78% was achieved

5: 
Temporal Reasoning without Transitive Tables
  Representing and reasoning about qualitative temporal information is an
essential part of many artificial intelligence tasks. Lots of models have been
proposed in the litterature for representing such temporal information. All
derive from a point-based or an interval-based framework. One fundamental
reasoning task that arises in applications of these frameworks is given by the
following scheme: given possibly indefinite and incomplete knowledge of the
binary relationships between some temporal objects, find the consistent
scenarii between all these objects. All these models require transitive tables
-- or similarly inference rules-- for solving such tasks. We have defined an
alternative model, S-languages - to represent qualitative temporal information,
based on the only two relations of \emph{precedence} and \emph{simultaneity}.
In this paper, we show how this model enables to avoid transitive tables or
inference rules to handle this kind of problem.

