1: 
Bayesian approach to rough set
  This paper proposes an approach to training rough set models using Bayesian
framework trained using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method. The prior
probabilities are constructed from the prior knowledge that good rough set
models have fewer rules. Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling is conducted through
sampling in the rough set granule space and Metropolis algorithm is used as an
acceptance criteria. The proposed method is tested to estimate the risk of HIV
given demographic data. The results obtained shows that the proposed approach
is able to achieve an average accuracy of 58% with the accuracy varying up to
66%. In addition the Bayesian rough set give the probabilities of the estimated
HIV status as well as the linguistic rules describing how the demographic
parameters drive the risk of HIV.

2: 
Direct Optimization of Ranking Measures
  Web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of
sophisticated performance measures. Current Support Vector approaches are
unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead. We
present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss
functions. This is achieved via structured estimation in Hilbert spaces. It is
most related to Max-Margin-Markov networks optimization of multivariate
performance measures. Key to our approach is that during training the ranking
problem can be viewed as a linear assignment problem, which can be solved by
the Hungarian Marriage algorithm. At test time, a sort operation is sufficient,
as our algorithm assigns a relevance score to every (document, query) pair.
Experiments show that the our algorithm is fast and that it works very well.

3: 
Network statistics on early English Syntax: Structural criteria
  This paper includes a reflection on the role of networks in the study of
English language acquisition, as well as a collection of practical criteria to
annotate free-speech corpora from children utterances. At the theoretical
level, the main claim of this paper is that syntactic networks should be
interpreted as the outcome of the use of the syntactic machinery. Thus, the
intrinsic features of such machinery are not accessible directly from (known)
network properties. Rather, what one can see are the global patterns of its use
and, thus, a global view of the power and organization of the underlying
grammar. Taking a look into more practical issues, the paper examines how to
build a net from the projection of syntactic relations. Recall that, as opposed
to adult grammars, early-child language has not a well-defined concept of
structure. To overcome such difficulty, we develop a set of systematic criteria
assuming constituency hierarchy and a grammar based on lexico-thematic
relations. At the end, what we obtain is a well defined corpora annotation that
enables us i) to perform statistics on the size of structures and ii) to build
a network from syntactic relations over which we can perform the standard
measures of complexity. We also provide a detailed example.

4: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

5: 
Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions
  using Artificial Neural Network
  This paper uses Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models to compute response of
structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi
ground motion data. The system is first trained for a single real earthquake
data. The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with
various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN
model are accurate for practical purposes. When the ANN is trained by a part of
the ground motion data, it can also identify the responses of the structural
system well. In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be
predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to
occur for the lessons. Time period and the corresponding maximum response of
the building for an earthquake has been evaluated, which is again trained to
predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods. The
trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real
earthquake data of other place, which was not used in the training and was
found to be in good agreement.

