1: 
Automatic Detection of Pulmonary Embolism using Computational
  Intelligence
  This article describes the implementation of a system designed to
automatically detect the presence of pulmonary embolism in lung scans. These
images are firstly segmented, before alignment and feature extraction using
PCA. The neural network was trained using the Hybrid Monte Carlo method,
resulting in a committee of 250 neural networks and good results are obtained.

2: 
Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the
performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust,
multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have
been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the
robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network
system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face
recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the
multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the
face images corrupted by noise.

3: 
A neural network approach to ordinal regression
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of
both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective
approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our
approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression.
On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network
classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using
Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable
performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural
networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training
datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and
complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information
retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in
Bioinformatics.

4: 
Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data
  Using Evolutionary Computing
  The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm
optimisation (PSO) and genetic algorithms (GA) to compensate for missing data
in classifying high voltage bushings. The classification is done using DGA data
from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104, IEC599 and IEEE production rates
methods for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. PSO and GA were compared in
terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both GA and PSO simulations
were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95% accuracy when only
one variable was missing. However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66% accuracy with
two variables missing simultaneously, compared to 84% for GA. The data
estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the
PSO.

5: 
Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional
sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition.
Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example
robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information,
are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been
no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal
dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks
(MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision,
video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the
scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental
results are provided for two image segmentation tasks.

