1: 
Learning to Bluff
  The act of bluffing confounds game designers to this day. The very nature of
bluffing is even open for debate, adding further complication to the process of
creating intelligent virtual players that can bluff, and hence play,
realistically. Through the use of intelligent, learning agents, and carefully
designed agent outlooks, an agent can in fact learn to predict its opponents
reactions based not only on its own cards, but on the actions of those around
it. With this wider scope of understanding, an agent can in learn to bluff its
opponents, with the action representing not an illogical action, as bluffing is
often viewed, but rather as an act of maximising returns through an effective
statistical optimisation. By using a tee dee lambda learning algorithm to
continuously adapt neural network agent intelligence, agents have been shown to
be able to learn to bluff without outside prompting, and even to learn to call
each others bluffs in free, competitive play.

2: 
An Adaptive Strategy for the Classification of G-Protein Coupled
  Receptors
  One of the major problems in computational biology is the inability of
existing classification models to incorporate expanding and new domain
knowledge. This problem of static classification models is addressed in this
paper by the introduction of incremental learning for problems in
bioinformatics. Many machine learning tools have been applied to this problem
using static machine learning structures such as neural networks or support
vector machines that are unable to accommodate new information into their
existing models. We utilize the fuzzy ARTMAP as an alternate machine learning
system that has the ability of incrementally learning new data as it becomes
available. The fuzzy ARTMAP is found to be comparable to many of the widespread
machine learning systems. The use of an evolutionary strategy in the selection
and combination of individual classifiers into an ensemble system, coupled with
the incremental learning ability of the fuzzy ARTMAP is proven to be suitable
as a pattern classifier. The algorithm presented is tested using data from the
G-Coupled Protein Receptors Database and shows good accuracy of 83%. The system
presented is also generally applicable, and can be used in problems in genomics
and proteomics.

3: 
Non-Computability of Consciousness
  With the great success in simulating many intelligent behaviors using
computing devices, there has been an ongoing debate whether all conscious
activities are computational processes. In this paper, the answer to this
question is shown to be no. A certain phenomenon of consciousness is
demonstrated to be fully represented as a computational process using a quantum
computer. Based on the computability criterion discussed with Turing machines,
the model constructed is shown to necessarily involve a non-computable element.
The concept that this is solely a quantum effect and does not work for a
classical case is also discussed.

4: 
Experimenting with recursive queries in database and logic programming
  systems
  This paper considers the problem of reasoning on massive amounts of (possibly
distributed) data. Presently, existing proposals show some limitations: {\em
(i)} the quantity of data that can be handled contemporarily is limited, due to
the fact that reasoning is generally carried out in main-memory; {\em (ii)} the
interaction with external (and independent) DBMSs is not trivial and, in
several cases, not allowed at all; {\em (iii)} the efficiency of present
implementations is still not sufficient for their utilization in complex
reasoning tasks involving massive amounts of data. This paper provides a
contribution in this setting; it presents a new system, called DLV$^{DB}$,
which aims to solve these problems. Moreover, the paper reports the results of
a thorough experimental analysis we have carried out for comparing our system
with several state-of-the-art systems (both logic and databases) on some
classical deductive problems; the other tested systems are: LDL++, XSB, Smodels
and three top-level commercial DBMSs. DLV$^{DB}$ significantly outperforms even
the commercial Database Systems on recursive queries. To appear in Theory and
Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP)

5: 
Resource modalities in game semantics
  The description of resources in game semantics has never achieved the
simplicity and precision of linear logic, because of a misleading conception:
the belief that linear logic is more primitive than game semantics. We advocate
instead the contrary: that game semantics is conceptually more primitive than
linear logic. Starting from this revised point of view, we design a categorical
model of resources in game semantics, and construct an arena game model where
the usual notion of bracketing is extended to multi- bracketing in order to
capture various resource policies: linear, af&#64257;ne and exponential.

