Query:
vanishing gradient

Results:
1: 
Title: The on-line shortest path problem under partial monitoring
Abstract:
  The on-line shortest path problem is considered under various models of partial monitoring. Given a weighted directed acyclic graph whose edge weights can change in an arbitrary (adversarial) way, a decision maker has to choose in each round of a game a path between two distinguished vertices such that the loss of the chosen path (defined as the sum of the weights of its composing edges) be as small as possible. In a setting generalizing the multi-armed bandit problem, after choosing a path, the decision maker learns only the weights of those edges that belong to the chosen path. For this problem, an algorithm is given whose average cumulative loss in n rounds exceeds that of the best path, matched off-line to the entire sequence of the edge weights, by a quantity that is proportional to 1/\sqrt{n} and depends only polynomially on the number of edges of the graph. The algorithm can be implemented with linear complexity in the number of rounds n and in the number of edges. An extension to the so-called label efficient setting is also given, in which the decision maker is informed about the weights of the edges corresponding to the chosen path at a total of m << n time instances. Another extension is shown where the decision maker competes against a time-varying path, a generalization of the problem of tracking the best expert. A version of the multi-armed bandit setting for shortest path is also discussed where the decision maker learns only the total weight of the chosen path but not the weights of the individual edges on the path. Applications to routing in packet switched networks along with simulation results are also presented. 

2: 
Title: A study of structural properties on profiles HMMs
Abstract:
  Motivation: Profile hidden Markov Models (pHMMs) are a popular and very useful tool in the detection of the remote homologue protein families. Unfortunately, their performance is not always satisfactory when proteins are in the 'twilight zone'. We present HMMER-STRUCT, a model construction algorithm and tool that tries to improve pHMM performance by using structural information while training pHMMs. As a first step, HMMER-STRUCT constructs a set of pHMMs. Each pHMM is constructed by weighting each residue in an aligned protein according to a specific structural property of the residue. Properties used were primary, secondary and tertiary structures, accessibility and packing. HMMER-STRUCT then prioritizes the results by voting. Results: We used the SCOP database to perform our experiments. Throughout, we apply leave-one-family-out cross-validation over protein superfamilies. First, we used the MAMMOTH-mult structural aligner to align the training set proteins. Then, we performed two sets of experiments. In a first experiment, we compared structure weighted models against standard pHMMs and against each other. In a second experiment, we compared the voting model against individual pHMMs. We compare method performance through ROC curves and through Precision/Recall curves, and assess significance through the paired two tailed t-test. Our results show significant performance improvements of all structurally weighted models over default HMMER, and a significant improvement in sensitivity of the combined models over both the original model and the structurally weighted models. 

3: 
Title: Determining full conditional independence by low-order conditioning
Abstract:
  A concentration graph associated with a random vector is an undirected graph where each vertex corresponds to one random variable in the vector. The absence of an edge between any pair of vertices (or variables) is equivalent to full conditional independence between these two variables given all the other variables. In the multivariate Gaussian case, the absence of an edge corresponds to a zero coefficient in the precision matrix, which is the inverse of the covariance matrix. It is well known that this concentration graph represents some of the conditional independencies in the distribution of the associated random vector. These conditional independencies correspond to the "separations" or absence of edges in that graph. In this paper we assume that there are no other independencies present in the probability distribution than those represented by the graph. This property is called the perfect Markovianity of the probability distribution with respect to the associated concentration graph. We prove in this paper that this particular concentration graph, the one associated with a perfect Markov distribution, can be determined by only conditioning on a limited number of variables. We demonstrate that this number is equal to the maximum size of the minimal separators in the concentration graph. 

4: 
Title: Equivalence of LP Relaxation and Max-Product for Weighted Matching in
  General Graphs
Abstract:
  Max-product belief propagation is a local, iterative algorithm to find the mode/MAP estimate of a probability distribution. While it has been successfully employed in a wide variety of applications, there are relatively few theoretical guarantees of convergence and correctness for general loopy graphs that may have many short cycles. Of these, even fewer provide exact ``necessary and sufficient'' characterizations.   In this paper we investigate the problem of using max-product to find the maximum weight matching in an arbitrary graph with edge weights. This is done by first constructing a probability distribution whose mode corresponds to the optimal matching, and then running max-product. Weighted matching can also be posed as an integer program, for which there is an LP relaxation. This relaxation is not always tight. In this paper we show that \begin{enumerate} \item If the LP relaxation is tight, then max-product always converges, and that too to the correct answer. \item If the LP relaxation is loose, then max-product does not converge. \end{enumerate} This provides an exact, data-dependent characterization of max-product performance, and a precise connection to LP relaxation, which is a well-studied optimization technique. Also, since LP relaxation is known to be tight for bipartite graphs, our results generalize other recent results on using max-product to find weighted matchings in bipartite graphs. 

5: 
Title: Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data
  Using Evolutionary Computing
Abstract:
  The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm optimisation (PSO) and genetic algorithms (GA) to compensate for missing data in classifying high voltage bushings. The classification is done using DGA data from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104, IEC599 and IEEE production rates methods for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. PSO and GA were compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both GA and PSO simulations were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95% accuracy when only one variable was missing. However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66% accuracy with two variables missing simultaneously, compared to 84% for GA. The data estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the PSO. 

6: 
Title: Rough Sets Computations to Impute Missing Data
Abstract:
  Many techniques for handling missing data have been proposed in the literature. Most of these techniques are overly complex. This paper explores an imputation technique based on rough set computations. In this paper, characteristic relations are introduced to describe incompletely specified decision tables.It is shown that the basic rough set idea of lower and upper approximations for incompletely specified decision tables may be defined in a variety of different ways. Empirical results obtained using real data are given and they provide a valuable and promising insight to the problem of missing data. Missing data were predicted with an accuracy of up to 99%. 

7: 
Title: Fuzzy Artmap and Neural Network Approach to Online Processing of Inputs
  with Missing Values
Abstract:
  An ensemble based approach for dealing with missing data, without predicting or imputing the missing values is proposed. This technique is suitable for online operations of neural networks and as a result, is used for online condition monitoring. The proposed technique is tested in both classification and regression problems. An ensemble of Fuzzy-ARTMAPs is used for classification whereas an ensemble of multi-layer perceptrons is used for the regression problem. Results obtained using this ensemble-based technique are compared to those obtained using a combination of auto-associative neural networks and genetic algorithms and findings show that this method can perform up to 9% better in regression problems. Another advantage of the proposed technique is that it eliminates the need for finding the best estimate of the data, and hence, saves time. 

8: 
Title: An Automated Evaluation Metric for Chinese Text Entry
Abstract:
  In this paper, we propose an automated evaluation metric for text entry. We also consider possible improvements to existing text entry evaluation metrics, such as the minimum string distance error rate, keystrokes per character, cost per correction, and a unified approach proposed by MacKenzie, so they can accommodate the special characteristics of Chinese text. Current methods lack an integrated concern about both typing speed and accuracy for Chinese text entry evaluation. Our goal is to remove the bias that arises due to human factors. First, we propose a new metric, called the correction penalty (P), based on Fitts' law and Hick's law. Next, we transform it into the approximate amortized cost (AAC) of information theory. An analysis of the AAC of Chinese text input methods with different context lengths is also presented. 

9: 
Title: The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
Abstract:
  The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size. We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of ordering under certain limited conditions. 

10: 
Title: A Note on the Inapproximability of Correlation Clustering
Abstract:
  We consider inapproximability of the correlation clustering problem defined as follows: Given a graph $G = (V,E)$ where each edge is labeled either "+" (similar) or "-" (dissimilar), correlation clustering seeks to partition the vertices into clusters so that the number of pairs correctly (resp. incorrectly) classified with respect to the labels is maximized (resp. minimized). The two complementary problems are called MaxAgree and MinDisagree, respectively, and have been studied on complete graphs, where every edge is labeled, and general graphs, where some edge might not have been labeled. Natural edge-weighted versions of both problems have been studied as well. Let S-MaxAgree denote the weighted problem where all weights are taken from set S, we show that S-MaxAgree with weights bounded by $O(|V|^{1/2-\delta})$ essentially belongs to the same hardness class in the following sense: if there is a polynomial time algorithm that approximates S-MaxAgree within a factor of $\lambda = O(\log{|V|})$ with high probability, then for any choice of S', S'-MaxAgree can be approximated in polynomial time within a factor of $(\lambda + \epsilon)$, where $\epsilon > 0$ can be arbitrarily small, with high probability. A similar statement also holds for $S-MinDisagree. This result implies it is hard (assuming $NP \neq RP$) to approximate unweighted MaxAgree within a factor of $80/79-\epsilon$, improving upon a previous known factor of $116/115-\epsilon$ by Charikar et. al. \cite{Chari05}. 

