Query:
graph convolutional neural network

Results:
1: 
Title: A neural network approach to ordinal regression
Abstract:
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression. On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in Bioinformatics. 

2: 
Title: The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
Abstract:
  The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size. We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of ordering under certain limited conditions. 

3: 
Title: Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
Abstract:
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition. Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information, are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks (MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision, video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental results are provided for two image segmentation tasks. 

4: 
Title: Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions
  using Artificial Neural Network
Abstract:
  This paper uses Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models to compute response of structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi ground motion data. The system is first trained for a single real earthquake data. The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN model are accurate for practical purposes. When the ANN is trained by a part of the ground motion data, it can also identify the responses of the structural system well. In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to occur for the lessons. Time period and the corresponding maximum response of the building for an earthquake has been evaluated, which is again trained to predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods. The trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real earthquake data of other place, which was not used in the training and was found to be in good agreement. 

5: 
Title: Sensor Networks with Random Links: Topology Design for Distributed
  Consensus
Abstract:
  In a sensor network, in practice, the communication among sensors is subject to:(1) errors or failures at random times; (3) costs; and(2) constraints since sensors and networks operate under scarce resources, such as power, data rate, or communication. The signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is usually a main factor in determining the probability of error (or of communication failure) in a link. These probabilities are then a proxy for the SNR under which the links operate. The paper studies the problem of designing the topology, i.e., assigning the probabilities of reliable communication among sensors (or of link failures) to maximize the rate of convergence of average consensus, when the link communication costs are taken into account, and there is an overall communication budget constraint. To consider this problem, we address a number of preliminary issues: (1) model the network as a random topology; (2) establish necessary and sufficient conditions for mean square sense (mss) and almost sure (a.s.) convergence of average consensus when network links fail; and, in particular, (3) show that a necessary and sufficient condition for both mss and a.s. convergence is for the algebraic connectivity of the mean graph describing the network topology to be strictly positive. With these results, we formulate topology design, subject to random link failures and to a communication cost constraint, as a constrained convex optimization problem to which we apply semidefinite programming techniques. We show by an extensive numerical study that the optimal design improves significantly the convergence speed of the consensus algorithm and can achieve the asymptotic performance of a non-random network at a fraction of the communication cost. 

6: 
Title: Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
Abstract:
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust, multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the face images corrupted by noise. 

7: 
Title: Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data
  Using Evolutionary Computing
Abstract:
  The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm optimisation (PSO) and genetic algorithms (GA) to compensate for missing data in classifying high voltage bushings. The classification is done using DGA data from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104, IEC599 and IEEE production rates methods for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. PSO and GA were compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both GA and PSO simulations were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95% accuracy when only one variable was missing. However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66% accuracy with two variables missing simultaneously, compared to 84% for GA. The data estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the PSO. 

8: 
Title: Automatic Detection of Pulmonary Embolism using Computational
  Intelligence
Abstract:
  This article describes the implementation of a system designed to automatically detect the presence of pulmonary embolism in lung scans. These images are firstly segmented, before alignment and feature extraction using PCA. The neural network was trained using the Hybrid Monte Carlo method, resulting in a committee of 250 neural networks and good results are obtained. 

9: 
Title: Unicast and Multicast Qos Routing with Soft Constraint Logic Programming
Abstract:
  We present a formal model to represent and solve the unicast/multicast routing problem in networks with Quality of Service (QoS) requirements. To attain this, first we translate the network adapting it to a weighted graph (unicast) or and-or graph (multicast), where the weight on a connector corresponds to the multidimensional cost of sending a packet on the related network link: each component of the weights vector represents a different QoS metric value (e.g. bandwidth, cost, delay, packet loss). The second step consists in writing this graph as a program in Soft Constraint Logic Programming (SCLP): the engine of this framework is then able to find the best paths/trees by optimizing their costs and solving the constraints imposed on them (e.g. delay < 40msec), thus finding a solution to QoS routing problems. Moreover, c-semiring structures are a convenient tool to model QoS metrics. At last, we provide an implementation of the framework over scale-free networks and we suggest how the performance can be improved. 

10: 
Title: Artificial Intelligence for Conflict Management
Abstract:
  Militarised conflict is one of the risks that have a significant impact on society. Militarised Interstate Dispute (MID) is defined as an outcome of interstate interactions, which result on either peace or conflict. Effective prediction of the possibility of conflict between states is an important decision support tool for policy makers. In a previous research, neural networks (NNs) have been implemented to predict the MID. Support Vector Machines (SVMs) have proven to be very good prediction techniques and are introduced for the prediction of MIDs in this study and compared to neural networks. The results show that SVMs predict MID better than NNs while NNs give more consistent and easy to interpret sensitivity analysis than SVMs. 

