Query:
how to efficiently deploy large models to production

Results:
1: 
Title: Robust Multi-Cellular Developmental Design
Abstract:
  This paper introduces a continuous model for Multi-cellular Developmental Design. The cells are fixed on a 2D grid and exchange "chemicals" with their neighbors during the growth process. The quantity of chemicals that a cell produces, as well as the differentiation value of the cell in the phenotype, are controlled by a Neural Network (the genotype) that takes as inputs the chemicals produced by the neighboring cells at the previous time step. In the proposed model, the number of iterations of the growth process is not pre-determined, but emerges during evolution: only organisms for which the growth process stabilizes give a phenotype (the stable state), others are declared nonviable. The optimization of the controller is done using the NEAT algorithm, that optimizes both the topology and the weights of the Neural Networks. Though each cell only receives local information from its neighbors, the experimental results of the proposed approach on the 'flags' problems (the phenotype must match a given 2D pattern) are almost as good as those of a direct regression approach using the same model with global information. Moreover, the resulting multi-cellular organisms exhibit almost perfect self-healing characteristics. 

2: 
Title: Virtual Sensor Based Fault Detection and Classification on a Plasma Etch
  Reactor
Abstract:
  The SEMATECH sponsored J-88-E project teaming Texas Instruments with NeuroDyne (et al.) focused on Fault Detection and Classification (FDC) on a Lam 9600 aluminum plasma etch reactor, used in the process of semiconductor fabrication. Fault classification was accomplished by implementing a series of virtual sensor models which used data from real sensors (Lam Station sensors, Optical Emission Spectroscopy, and RF Monitoring) to predict recipe setpoints and wafer state characteristics. Fault detection and classification were performed by comparing predicted recipe and wafer state values with expected values. Models utilized include linear PLS, Polynomial PLS, and Neural Network PLS. Prediction of recipe setpoints based upon sensor data provides a capability for cross-checking that the machine is maintaining the desired setpoints. Wafer state characteristics such as Line Width Reduction and Remaining Oxide were estimated on-line using these same process sensors (Lam, OES, RFM). Wafer-to-wafer measurement of these characteristics in a production setting (where typically this information may be only sparsely available, if at all, after batch processing runs with numerous wafers have been completed) would provide important information to the operator that the process is or is not producing wafers within acceptable bounds of product quality. Production yield is increased, and correspondingly per unit cost is reduced, by providing the operator with the opportunity to adjust the process or machine before etching more wafers. 

3: 
Title: A Novel Model of Working Set Selection for SMO Decomposition Methods
Abstract:
  In the process of training Support Vector Machines (SVMs) by decomposition methods, working set selection is an important technique, and some exciting schemes were employed into this field. To improve working set selection, we propose a new model for working set selection in sequential minimal optimization (SMO) decomposition methods. In this model, it selects B as working set without reselection. Some properties are given by simple proof, and experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is in general faster than existing methods. 

4: 
Title: Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
Abstract:
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust, multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the face images corrupted by noise. 

5: 
Title: Structural Health Monitoring Using Neural Network Based Vibrational
  System Identification
Abstract:
  Composite fabrication technologies now provide the means for producing high-strength, low-weight panels, plates, spars and other structural components which use embedded fiber optic sensors and piezoelectric transducers. These materials, often referred to as smart structures, make it possible to sense internal characteristics, such as delaminations or structural degradation. In this effort we use neural network based techniques for modeling and analyzing dynamic structural information for recognizing structural defects. This yields an adaptable system which gives a measure of structural integrity for composite structures. 

6: 
Title: Fault Classification in Cylinders Using Multilayer Perceptrons, Support
  Vector Machines and Guassian Mixture Models
Abstract:
  Gaussian mixture models (GMM) and support vector machines (SVM) are introduced to classify faults in a population of cylindrical shells. The proposed procedures are tested on a population of 20 cylindrical shells and their performance is compared to the procedure, which uses multi-layer perceptrons (MLP). The modal properties extracted from vibration data are used to train the GMM, SVM and MLP. It is observed that the GMM produces 98%, SVM produces 94% classification accuracy while the MLP produces 88% classification rates. 

7: 
Title: Bayesian approach to rough set
Abstract:
  This paper proposes an approach to training rough set models using Bayesian framework trained using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method. The prior probabilities are constructed from the prior knowledge that good rough set models have fewer rules. Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling is conducted through sampling in the rough set granule space and Metropolis algorithm is used as an acceptance criteria. The proposed method is tested to estimate the risk of HIV given demographic data. The results obtained shows that the proposed approach is able to achieve an average accuracy of 58% with the accuracy varying up to 66%. In addition the Bayesian rough set give the probabilities of the estimated HIV status as well as the linguistic rules describing how the demographic parameters drive the risk of HIV. 

8: 
Title: Exploiting Social Annotation for Automatic Resource Discovery
Abstract:
  Information integration applications, such as mediators or mashups, that require access to information resources currently rely on users manually discovering and integrating them in the application. Manual resource discovery is a slow process, requiring the user to sift through results obtained via keyword-based search. Although search methods have advanced to include evidence from document contents, its metadata and the contents and link structure of the referring pages, they still do not adequately cover information sources -- often called ``the hidden Web''-- that dynamically generate documents in response to a query. The recently popular social bookmarking sites, which allow users to annotate and share metadata about various information sources, provide rich evidence for resource discovery. In this paper, we describe a probabilistic model of the user annotation process in a social bookmarking system del.icio.us. We then use the model to automatically find resources relevant to a particular information domain. Our experimental results on data obtained from \emph{del.icio.us} show this approach as a promising method for helping automate the resource discovery task. 

9: 
Title: Artificial Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines for Water Demand
  Time Series Forecasting
Abstract:
  Water plays a pivotal role in many physical processes, and most importantly in sustaining human life, animal life and plant life. Water supply entities therefore have the responsibility to supply clean and safe water at the rate required by the consumer. It is therefore necessary to implement mechanisms and systems that can be employed to predict both short-term and long-term water demands. The increasingly growing field of computational intelligence techniques has been proposed as an efficient tool in the modelling of dynamic phenomena. The primary objective of this paper is to compare the efficiency of two computational intelligence techniques in water demand forecasting. The techniques under comparison are the Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) and the Support Vector Machines (SVMs). In this study it was observed that the ANNs perform better than the SVMs. This performance is measured against the generalisation ability of the two. 

10: 
Title: Personalizing Image Search Results on Flickr
Abstract:
  The social media site Flickr allows users to upload their photos, annotate them with tags, submit them to groups, and also to form social networks by adding other users as contacts. Flickr offers multiple ways of browsing or searching it. One option is tag search, which returns all images tagged with a specific keyword. If the keyword is ambiguous, e.g., ``beetle'' could mean an insect or a car, tag search results will include many images that are not relevant to the sense the user had in mind when executing the query. We claim that users express their photography interests through the metadata they add in the form of contacts and image annotations. We show how to exploit this metadata to personalize search results for the user, thereby improving search performance. First, we show that we can significantly improve search precision by filtering tag search results by user's contacts or a larger social network that includes those contact's contacts. Secondly, we describe a probabilistic model that takes advantage of tag information to discover latent topics contained in the search results. The users' interests can similarly be described by the tags they used for annotating their images. The latent topics found by the model are then used to personalize search results by finding images on topics that are of interest to the user. 

