Query:
when will we solve AGI

Results:
1: 
Title: Intelligent location of simultaneously active acoustic emission sources:
  Part II
Abstract:
  Part I describes an intelligent acoustic emission locator, while Part II discusses blind source separation, time delay estimation and location of two continuous acoustic emission sources.   Acoustic emission (AE) analysis is used for characterization and location of developing defects in materials. AE sources often generate a mixture of various statistically independent signals. A difficult problem of AE analysis is separation and characterization of signal components when the signals from various sources and the mode of mixing are unknown. Recently, blind source separation (BSS) by independent component analysis (ICA) has been used to solve these problems. The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the applicability of ICA to locate two independent simultaneously active acoustic emission sources on an aluminum band specimen. The method is promising for non-destructive testing of aircraft frame structures by acoustic emission analysis. 

2: 
Title: Statistical Mechanics of Nonlinear On-line Learning for Ensemble
  Teachers
Abstract:
  We analyze the generalization performance of a student in a model composed of nonlinear perceptrons: a true teacher, ensemble teachers, and the student. We calculate the generalization error of the student analytically or numerically using statistical mechanics in the framework of on-line learning. We treat two well-known learning rules: Hebbian learning and perceptron learning. As a result, it is proven that the nonlinear model shows qualitatively different behaviors from the linear model. Moreover, it is clarified that Hebbian learning and perceptron learning show qualitatively different behaviors from each other. In Hebbian learning, we can analytically obtain the solutions. In this case, the generalization error monotonically decreases. The steady value of the generalization error is independent of the learning rate. The larger the number of teachers is and the more variety the ensemble teachers have, the smaller the generalization error is. In perceptron learning, we have to numerically obtain the solutions. In this case, the dynamical behaviors of the generalization error are non-monotonic. The smaller the learning rate is, the larger the number of teachers is; and the more variety the ensemble teachers have, the smaller the minimum value of the generalization error is. 

3: 
Title: Unicast and Multicast Qos Routing with Soft Constraint Logic Programming
Abstract:
  We present a formal model to represent and solve the unicast/multicast routing problem in networks with Quality of Service (QoS) requirements. To attain this, first we translate the network adapting it to a weighted graph (unicast) or and-or graph (multicast), where the weight on a connector corresponds to the multidimensional cost of sending a packet on the related network link: each component of the weights vector represents a different QoS metric value (e.g. bandwidth, cost, delay, packet loss). The second step consists in writing this graph as a program in Soft Constraint Logic Programming (SCLP): the engine of this framework is then able to find the best paths/trees by optimizing their costs and solving the constraints imposed on them (e.g. delay < 40msec), thus finding a solution to QoS routing problems. Moreover, c-semiring structures are a convenient tool to model QoS metrics. At last, we provide an implementation of the framework over scale-free networks and we suggest how the performance can be improved. 

4: 
Title: On complexity of optimized crossover for binary representations
Abstract:
  We consider the computational complexity of producing the best possible offspring in a crossover, given two solutions of the parents. The crossover operators are studied on the class of Boolean linear programming problems, where the Boolean vector of variables is used as the solution representation. By means of efficient reductions of the optimized gene transmitting crossover problems (OGTC) we show the polynomial solvability of the OGTC for the maximum weight set packing problem, the minimum weight set partition problem and for one of the versions of the simple plant location problem. We study a connection between the OGTC for linear Boolean programming problem and the maximum weight independent set problem on 2-colorable hypergraph and prove the NP-hardness of several special cases of the OGTC problem in Boolean linear programming. 

5: 
Title: Direct Optimization of Ranking Measures
Abstract:
  Web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of sophisticated performance measures. Current Support Vector approaches are unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead. We present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss functions. This is achieved via structured estimation in Hilbert spaces. It is most related to Max-Margin-Markov networks optimization of multivariate performance measures. Key to our approach is that during training the ranking problem can be viewed as a linear assignment problem, which can be solved by the Hungarian Marriage algorithm. At test time, a sort operation is sufficient, as our algorithm assigns a relevance score to every (document, query) pair. Experiments show that the our algorithm is fast and that it works very well. 

6: 
Title: Soft constraint abstraction based on semiring homomorphism
Abstract:
  The semiring-based constraint satisfaction problems (semiring CSPs), proposed by Bistarelli, Montanari and Rossi \cite{BMR97}, is a very general framework of soft constraints. In this paper we propose an abstraction scheme for soft constraints that uses semiring homomorphism. To find optimal solutions of the concrete problem, the idea is, first working in the abstract problem and finding its optimal solutions, then using them to solve the concrete problem.   In particular, we show that a mapping preserves optimal solutions if and only if it is an order-reflecting semiring homomorphism. Moreover, for a semiring homomorphism $\alpha$ and a problem $P$ over $S$, if $t$ is optimal in $\alpha(P)$, then there is an optimal solution $\bar{t}$ of $P$ such that $\bar{t}$ has the same value as $t$ in $\alpha(P)$. 

7: 
Title: Mining Patterns with a Balanced Interval
Abstract:
  In many applications it will be useful to know those patterns that occur with a balanced interval, e.g., a certain combination of phone numbers are called almost every Friday or a group of products are sold a lot on Tuesday and Thursday.   In previous work we proposed a new measure of support (the number of occurrences of a pattern in a dataset), where we count the number of times a pattern occurs (nearly) in the middle between two other occurrences. If the number of non-occurrences between two occurrences of a pattern stays almost the same then we call the pattern balanced.   It was noticed that some very frequent patterns obviously also occur with a balanced interval, meaning in every transaction. However more interesting patterns might occur, e.g., every three transactions. Here we discuss a solution using standard deviation and average. Furthermore we propose a simpler approach for pruning patterns with a balanced interval, making estimating the pruning threshold more intuitive. 

8: 
Title: A Study in a Hybrid Centralised-Swarm Agent Community
Abstract:
  This paper describes a systems architecture for a hybrid Centralised/Swarm based multi-agent system. The issue of local goal assignment for agents is investigated through the use of a global agent which teaches the agents responses to given situations. We implement a test problem in the form of a Pursuit game, where the Multi-Agent system is a set of captor agents. The agents learn solutions to certain board positions from the global agent if they are unable to find a solution. The captor agents learn through the use of multi-layer perceptron neural networks. The global agent is able to solve board positions through the use of a Genetic Algorithm. The cooperation between agents and the results of the simulation are discussed here. . 

9: 
Title: Calculating Valid Domains for BDD-Based Interactive Configuration
Abstract:
  In these notes we formally describe the functionality of Calculating Valid Domains from the BDD representing the solution space of valid configurations. The formalization is largely based on the CLab configuration framework. 

10: 
Title: Generalizing Consistency and other Constraint Properties to Quantified
  Constraints
Abstract:
  Quantified constraints and Quantified Boolean Formulae are typically much more difficult to reason with than classical constraints, because quantifier alternation makes the usual notion of solution inappropriate. As a consequence, basic properties of Constraint Satisfaction Problems (CSP), such as consistency or substitutability, are not completely understood in the quantified case. These properties are important because they are the basis of most of the reasoning methods used to solve classical (existentially quantified) constraints, and one would like to benefit from similar reasoning methods in the resolution of quantified constraints. In this paper, we show that most of the properties that are used by solvers for CSP can be generalized to quantified CSP. This requires a re-thinking of a number of basic concepts; in particular, we propose a notion of outcome that generalizes the classical notion of solution and on which all definitions are based. We propose a systematic study of the relations which hold between these properties, as well as complexity results regarding the decision of these properties. Finally, and since these problems are typically intractable, we generalize the approach used in CSP and propose weaker, easier to check notions based on locality, which allow to detect these properties incompletely but in polynomial time. 

