Similiarity query for paper AlexNet
Query:
We trained a large, deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million high-resolution images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest into the 1000 different classes. On the test data, we achieved top-1 and top-5 error rates of 37.5% and 17.0% which is considerably better than the previous state-of-the-art. The neural network, which has 60 million parameters and 650,000 neurons, consists of five convolutional layers, some of which are followed by max-pooling layers, and three fully-connected layers with a final 1000-way softmax. To make training faster, we used non-saturating neurons and a very efficient GPU implementation of the convolution operation. To reduce overfitting in the fully-connected layers we employed a recently-developed regularization method called “dropout” that proved to be very effective. We also entered a variant of this model in the ILSVRC-2012 competition and achieved a winning top-5 test error rate of 15.3%, compared to 26.2% achieved by the second-best entry.

Results:
1: 
Title: Automatic Detection of Pulmonary Embolism using Computational
  Intelligence
Abstract:
  This article describes the implementation of a system designed to automatically detect the presence of pulmonary embolism in lung scans. These images are firstly segmented, before alignment and feature extraction using PCA. The neural network was trained using the Hybrid Monte Carlo method, resulting in a committee of 250 neural networks and good results are obtained. 

2: 
Title: Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems
  for Face Recognition
Abstract:
  Noise, corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the performance of face recognition systems. To make such systems robust, multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have been suggested. However on large face data sets such systems cannot provide the robustness at a high level. In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face recognition. In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the face images corrupted by noise. 

3: 
Title: A neural network approach to ordinal regression
Abstract:
  Ordinal regression is an important type of learning, which has properties of both classification and regression. Here we describe a simple and effective approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories. Our approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression. On several benchmark datasets, our method (NNRank) outperforms a neural network classification method. Compared with the ordinal regression methods using Gaussian processes and support vector machines, NNRank achieves comparable performance. Moreover, NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural networks: learning in both online and batch modes, handling very large training datasets, and making rapid predictions. These features make NNRank a useful and complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information retrieval, web page ranking, collaborative filtering, and protein ranking in Bioinformatics. 

4: 
Title: Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data
  Using Evolutionary Computing
Abstract:
  The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm optimisation (PSO) and genetic algorithms (GA) to compensate for missing data in classifying high voltage bushings. The classification is done using DGA data from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104, IEC599 and IEEE production rates methods for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. PSO and GA were compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both GA and PSO simulations were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95% accuracy when only one variable was missing. However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66% accuracy with two variables missing simultaneously, compared to 84% for GA. The data estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the PSO. 

5: 
Title: Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks
Abstract:
  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have proved effective at one dimensional sequence learning tasks, such as speech and online handwriting recognition. Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks, for example robustness to input warping, and the ability to access contextual information, are also desirable in multidimensional domains. However, there has so far been no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal dimension. This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks (MDRNNs), thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision, video processing, medical imaging and many other areas, while avoiding the scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models. Experimental results are provided for two image segmentation tasks. 

6: 
Title: An Adaptive Strategy for the Classification of G-Protein Coupled
  Receptors
Abstract:
  One of the major problems in computational biology is the inability of existing classification models to incorporate expanding and new domain knowledge. This problem of static classification models is addressed in this paper by the introduction of incremental learning for problems in bioinformatics. Many machine learning tools have been applied to this problem using static machine learning structures such as neural networks or support vector machines that are unable to accommodate new information into their existing models. We utilize the fuzzy ARTMAP as an alternate machine learning system that has the ability of incrementally learning new data as it becomes available. The fuzzy ARTMAP is found to be comparable to many of the widespread machine learning systems. The use of an evolutionary strategy in the selection and combination of individual classifiers into an ensemble system, coupled with the incremental learning ability of the fuzzy ARTMAP is proven to be suitable as a pattern classifier. The algorithm presented is tested using data from the G-Coupled Protein Receptors Database and shows good accuracy of 83%. The system presented is also generally applicable, and can be used in problems in genomics and proteomics. 

7: 
Title: Fuzzy and Multilayer Perceptron for Evaluation of HV Bushings
Abstract:
  The work proposes the application of fuzzy set theory (FST) to diagnose the condition of high voltage bushings. The diagnosis uses dissolved gas analysis (DGA) data from bushings based on IEC60599 and IEEE C57-104 criteria for oil impregnated paper (OIP) bushings. FST and neural networks are compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency. Both FST and NN simulations were able to diagnose the bushings condition with 10% error. By using fuzzy theory, the maintenance department can classify bushings and know the extent of degradation in the component. 

8: 
Title: Fault Classification in Cylinders Using Multilayer Perceptrons, Support
  Vector Machines and Guassian Mixture Models
Abstract:
  Gaussian mixture models (GMM) and support vector machines (SVM) are introduced to classify faults in a population of cylindrical shells. The proposed procedures are tested on a population of 20 cylindrical shells and their performance is compared to the procedure, which uses multi-layer perceptrons (MLP). The modal properties extracted from vibration data are used to train the GMM, SVM and MLP. It is observed that the GMM produces 98%, SVM produces 94% classification accuracy while the MLP produces 88% classification rates. 

9: 
Title: Virtual Sensor Based Fault Detection and Classification on a Plasma Etch
  Reactor
Abstract:
  The SEMATECH sponsored J-88-E project teaming Texas Instruments with NeuroDyne (et al.) focused on Fault Detection and Classification (FDC) on a Lam 9600 aluminum plasma etch reactor, used in the process of semiconductor fabrication. Fault classification was accomplished by implementing a series of virtual sensor models which used data from real sensors (Lam Station sensors, Optical Emission Spectroscopy, and RF Monitoring) to predict recipe setpoints and wafer state characteristics. Fault detection and classification were performed by comparing predicted recipe and wafer state values with expected values. Models utilized include linear PLS, Polynomial PLS, and Neural Network PLS. Prediction of recipe setpoints based upon sensor data provides a capability for cross-checking that the machine is maintaining the desired setpoints. Wafer state characteristics such as Line Width Reduction and Remaining Oxide were estimated on-line using these same process sensors (Lam, OES, RFM). Wafer-to-wafer measurement of these characteristics in a production setting (where typically this information may be only sparsely available, if at all, after batch processing runs with numerous wafers have been completed) would provide important information to the operator that the process is or is not producing wafers within acceptable bounds of product quality. Production yield is increased, and correspondingly per unit cost is reduced, by providing the operator with the opportunity to adjust the process or machine before etching more wafers. 

10: 
Title: Fuzzy Artmap and Neural Network Approach to Online Processing of Inputs
  with Missing Values
Abstract:
  An ensemble based approach for dealing with missing data, without predicting or imputing the missing values is proposed. This technique is suitable for online operations of neural networks and as a result, is used for online condition monitoring. The proposed technique is tested in both classification and regression problems. An ensemble of Fuzzy-ARTMAPs is used for classification whereas an ensemble of multi-layer perceptrons is used for the regression problem. Results obtained using this ensemble-based technique are compared to those obtained using a combination of auto-associative neural networks and genetic algorithms and findings show that this method can perform up to 9% better in regression problems. Another advantage of the proposed technique is that it eliminates the need for finding the best estimate of the data, and hence, saves time. 

