Query:
generative adversarial network

Results:
1: 
Title: SSGAN: Secure Steganography Based on Generative Adversarial Networks
Abstract:
  In this paper, a novel strategy of Secure Steganograpy based on Generative Adversarial Networks is proposed to generate suitable and secure covers for steganography. The proposed architecture has one generative network, and two discriminative networks. The generative network mainly evaluates the visual quality of the generated images for steganography, and the discriminative networks are utilized to assess their suitableness for information hiding. Different from the existing work which adopts Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks, we utilize another form of generative adversarial networks. By using this new form of generative adversarial networks, significant improvements are made on the convergence speed, the training stability and the image quality. Furthermore, a sophisticated steganalysis network is reconstructed for the discriminative network, and the network can better evaluate the performance of the generated images. Numerous experiments are conducted on the publicly available datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed method. 

2: 
Title: A Robust Adversarial Network-Based End-to-End Communications System With
  Strong Generalization Ability Against Adversarial Attacks
Abstract:
  We propose a novel defensive mechanism based on a generative adversarial network (GAN) framework to defend against adversarial attacks in end-to-end communications systems. Specifically, we utilize a generative network to model a powerful adversary and enable the end-to-end communications system to combat the generative attack network via a minimax game. We show that the proposed system not only works well against white-box and black-box adversarial attacks but also possesses excellent generalization capabilities to maintain good performance under no attacks. We also show that our GAN-based end-to-end system outperforms the conventional communications system and the end-to-end communications system with/without adversarial training. 

3: 
Title: A Direct Approach to Robust Deep Learning Using Adversarial Networks
Abstract:
  Deep neural networks have been shown to perform well in many classical machine learning problems, especially in image classification tasks. However, researchers have found that neural networks can be easily fooled, and they are surprisingly sensitive to small perturbations imperceptible to humans. Carefully crafted input images (adversarial examples) can force a well-trained neural network to provide arbitrary outputs. Including adversarial examples during training is a popular defense mechanism against adversarial attacks. In this paper we propose a new defensive mechanism under the generative adversarial network (GAN) framework. We model the adversarial noise using a generative network, trained jointly with a classification discriminative network as a minimax game. We show empirically that our adversarial network approach works well against black box attacks, with performance on par with state-of-art methods such as ensemble adversarial training and adversarial training with projected gradient descent. 

4: 
Title: CapsuleGAN: Generative Adversarial Capsule Network
Abstract:
  We present Generative Adversarial Capsule Network (CapsuleGAN), a framework that uses capsule networks (CapsNets) instead of the standard convolutional neural networks (CNNs) as discriminators within the generative adversarial network (GAN) setting, while modeling image data. We provide guidelines for designing CapsNet discriminators and the updated GAN objective function, which incorporates the CapsNet margin loss, for training CapsuleGAN models. We show that CapsuleGAN outperforms convolutional-GAN at modeling image data distribution on MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets, evaluated on the generative adversarial metric and at semi-supervised image classification. 

5: 
Title: Quantum generative adversarial networks
Abstract:
  Quantum machine learning is expected to be one of the first potential general-purpose applications of near-term quantum devices. A major recent breakthrough in classical machine learning is the notion of generative adversarial training, where the gradients of a discriminator model are used to train a separate generative model. In this work and a companion paper, we extend adversarial training to the quantum domain and show how to construct generative adversarial networks using quantum circuits. Furthermore, we also show how to compute gradients -- a key element in generative adversarial network training -- using another quantum circuit. We give an example of a simple practical circuit ansatz to parametrize quantum machine learning models and perform a simple numerical experiment to demonstrate that quantum generative adversarial networks can be trained successfully. 

6: 
Title: PHom-GeM: Persistent Homology for Generative Models
Abstract:
  Generative neural network models, including Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and Auto-Encoders (AE), are among the most popular neural network models to generate adversarial data. The GAN model is composed of a generator that produces synthetic data and of a discriminator that discriminates between the generator's output and the true data. AE consist of an encoder which maps the model distribution to a latent manifold and of a decoder which maps the latent manifold to a reconstructed distribution. However, generative models are known to provoke chaotically scattered reconstructed distribution during their training, and consequently, incomplete generated adversarial distributions. Current distance measures fail to address this problem because they are not able to acknowledge the shape of the data manifold, i.e. its topological features, and the scale at which the manifold should be analyzed. We propose Persistent Homology for Generative Models, PHom-GeM, a new methodology to assess and measure the distribution of a generative model. PHom-GeM minimizes an objective function between the true and the reconstructed distributions and uses persistent homology, the study of the topological features of a space at different spatial resolutions, to compare the nature of the true and the generated distributions. Our experiments underline the potential of persistent homology for Wasserstein GAN in comparison to Wasserstein AE and Variational AE. The experiments are conducted on a real-world data set particularly challenging for traditional distance measures and generative neural network models. PHom-GeM is the first methodology to propose a topological distance measure, the bottleneck distance, for generative models used to compare adversarial samples in the context of credit card transactions. 

7: 
Title: Text Generation Based on Generative Adversarial Nets with Latent
  Variable
Abstract:
  In this paper, we propose a model using generative adversarial net (GAN) to generate realistic text. Instead of using standard GAN, we combine variational autoencoder (VAE) with generative adversarial net. The use of high-level latent random variables is helpful to learn the data distribution and solve the problem that generative adversarial net always emits the similar data. We propose the VGAN model where the generative model is composed of recurrent neural network and VAE. The discriminative model is a convolutional neural network. We train the model via policy gradient. We apply the proposed model to the task of text generation and compare it to other recent neural network based models, such as recurrent neural network language model and SeqGAN. We evaluate the performance of the model by calculating negative log-likelihood and the BLEU score. We conduct experiments on three benchmark datasets, and results show that our model outperforms other previous models. 

8: 
Title: StackGAN++: Realistic Image Synthesis with Stacked Generative
  Adversarial Networks
Abstract:
  Although Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have shown remarkable success in various tasks, they still face challenges in generating high quality images. In this paper, we propose Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks (StackGAN) aiming at generating high-resolution photo-realistic images. First, we propose a two-stage generative adversarial network architecture, StackGAN-v1, for text-to-image synthesis. The Stage-I GAN sketches the primitive shape and colors of the object based on given text description, yielding low-resolution images. The Stage-II GAN takes Stage-I results and text descriptions as inputs, and generates high-resolution images with photo-realistic details. Second, an advanced multi-stage generative adversarial network architecture, StackGAN-v2, is proposed for both conditional and unconditional generative tasks. Our StackGAN-v2 consists of multiple generators and discriminators in a tree-like structure; images at multiple scales corresponding to the same scene are generated from different branches of the tree. StackGAN-v2 shows more stable training behavior than StackGAN-v1 by jointly approximating multiple distributions. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed stacked generative adversarial networks significantly outperform other state-of-the-art methods in generating photo-realistic images. 

9: 
Title: A comparative study of attention mechanism and generative adversarial
  network in facade damage segmentation
Abstract:
  Semantic segmentation profits from deep learning and has shown its possibilities in handling the graphical data from the on-site inspection. As a result, visual damage in the facade images should be detected. Attention mechanism and generative adversarial networks are two of the most popular strategies to improve the quality of semantic segmentation. With specific focuses on these two strategies, this paper adopts U-net, a representative convolutional neural network, as the primary network and presents a comparative study in two steps. First, cell images are utilized to respectively determine the most effective networks among the U-nets with attention mechanism or generative adversarial networks. Subsequently, selected networks from the first test and their combination are applied for facade damage segmentation to investigate the performances of these networks. Besides, the combined effect of the attention mechanism and the generative adversarial network is discovered and discussed. 

10: 
Title: f-GAN: Training Generative Neural Samplers using Variational Divergence
  Minimization
Abstract:
  Generative neural samplers are probabilistic models that implement sampling using feedforward neural networks: they take a random input vector and produce a sample from a probability distribution defined by the network weights. These models are expressive and allow efficient computation of samples and derivatives, but cannot be used for computing likelihoods or for marginalization. The generative-adversarial training method allows to train such models through the use of an auxiliary discriminative neural network. We show that the generative-adversarial approach is a special case of an existing more general variational divergence estimation approach. We show that any f-divergence can be used for training generative neural samplers. We discuss the benefits of various choices of divergence functions on training complexity and the quality of the obtained generative models. 

