Query:
review of computed tomography segmentation

Results:
1: 
Title: Weakly supervised semantic segmentation of tomographic images in the
  diagnosis of stroke
Abstract:
  This paper presents an automatic algorithm for the segmentation of areas affected by an acute stroke on the non-contrast computed tomography brain images. The proposed algorithm is designed for learning in a weakly supervised scenario when some images are labeled accurately, and some images are labeled inaccurately. Wrong labels appear as a result of inaccuracy made by a radiologist in the process of manual annotation of computed tomography images. We propose methods for solving the segmentation problem in the case of inaccurately labeled training data. We use the U-Net neural network architecture with several modifications. Experiments on real computed tomography scans show that the proposed methods increase the segmentation accuracy. 

2: 
Title: Deep learning for cardiac image segmentation: A review
Abstract:
  Deep learning has become the most widely used approach for cardiac image segmentation in recent years. In this paper, we provide a review of over 100 cardiac image segmentation papers using deep learning, which covers common imaging modalities including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), and ultrasound (US) and major anatomical structures of interest (ventricles, atria and vessels). In addition, a summary of publicly available cardiac image datasets and code repositories are included to provide a base for encouraging reproducible research. Finally, we discuss the challenges and limitations with current deep learning-based approaches (scarcity of labels, model generalizability across different domains, interpretability) and suggest potential directions for future research. 

3: 
Title: Human Treelike Tubular Structure Segmentation: A Comprehensive Review
  and Future Perspectives
Abstract:
  Various structures in human physiology follow a treelike morphology, which often expresses complexity at very fine scales. Examples of such structures are intrathoracic airways, retinal blood vessels, and hepatic blood vessels. Large collections of 2D and 3D images have been made available by medical imaging modalities such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), Optical coherence tomography (OCT) and ultrasound in which the spatial arrangement can be observed. Segmentation of these structures in medical imaging is of great importance since the analysis of the structure provides insights into disease diagnosis, treatment planning, and prognosis. Manually labelling extensive data by radiologists is often time-consuming and error-prone. As a result, automated or semi-automated computational models have become a popular research field of medical imaging in the past two decades, and many have been developed to date. In this survey, we aim to provide a comprehensive review of currently publicly available datasets, segmentation algorithms, and evaluation metrics. In addition, current challenges and future research directions are discussed. 

4: 
Title: Deep learning-based synthetic-CT generation in radiotherapy and PET: a
  review
Abstract:
  Recently, deep learning (DL)-based methods for the generation of synthetic computed tomography (sCT) have received significant research attention as an alternative to classical ones. We present here a systematic review of these methods by grouping them into three categories, according to their clinical applications: I) To replace CT in magnetic resonance (MR)-based treatment planning. II) Facilitate cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT)-based image-guided adaptive radiotherapy. III) Derive attenuation maps for the correction of positron emission tomography (PET). Appropriate database searching was performed on journal articles published between January 2014 and December 2020. The DL methods' key characteristics were extracted from each eligible study, and a comprehensive comparison among network architectures and metrics was reported. A detailed review of each category was given, highlighting essential contributions, identifying specific challenges, and summarising the achievements. Lastly, the statistics of all the cited works from various aspects were analysed, revealing the popularity and future trends, and the potential of DL-based sCT generation. The current status of DL-based sCT generation was evaluated, assessing the clinical readiness of the presented methods. 

5: 
Title: Radiological images and machine learning: trends, perspectives, and
  prospects
Abstract:
  The application of machine learning to radiological images is an increasingly active research area that is expected to grow in the next five to ten years. Recent advances in machine learning have the potential to recognize and classify complex patterns from different radiological imaging modalities such as x-rays, computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging and positron emission tomography imaging. In many applications, machine learning based systems have shown comparable performance to human decision-making. The applications of machine learning are the key ingredients of future clinical decision making and monitoring systems. This review covers the fundamental concepts behind various machine learning techniques and their applications in several radiological imaging areas, such as medical image segmentation, brain function studies and neurological disease diagnosis, as well as computer-aided systems, image registration, and content-based image retrieval systems. Synchronistically, we will briefly discuss current challenges and future directions regarding the application of machine learning in radiological imaging. By giving insight on how take advantage of machine learning powered applications, we expect that clinicians can prevent and diagnose diseases more accurately and efficiently. 

6: 
Title: Exploring Vanilla U-Net for Lesion Segmentation from Whole-body
  FDG-PET/CT Scans
Abstract:
  Tumor lesion segmentation is one of the most important tasks in medical image analysis. In clinical practice, Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron-Emission Tomography~(FDG-PET) is a widely used technique to identify and quantify metabolically active tumors. However, since FDG-PET scans only provide metabolic information, healthy tissue or benign disease with irregular glucose consumption may be mistaken for cancer. To handle this challenge, PET is commonly combined with Computed Tomography~(CT), with the CT used to obtain the anatomic structure of the patient. The combination of PET-based metabolic and CT-based anatomic information can contribute to better tumor segmentation results. %Computed tomography~(CT) is a popular modality to illustrate the anatomic structure of the patient. The combination of PET and CT is promising to handle this challenge by utilizing metabolic and anatomic information. In this paper, we explore the potential of U-Net for lesion segmentation in whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans from three aspects, including network architecture, data preprocessing, and data augmentation. The experimental results demonstrate that the vanilla U-Net with proper input shape can achieve satisfactory performance. Specifically, our method achieves first place in both preliminary and final leaderboards of the autoPET 2022 challenge. Our code is available at https://github.com/Yejin0111/autoPET2022_Blackbean. 

7: 
Title: An evaluation of U-Net in Renal Structure Segmentation
Abstract:
  Renal structure segmentation from computed tomography angiography~(CTA) is essential for many computer-assisted renal cancer treatment applications. Kidney PArsing~(KiPA 2022) Challenge aims to build a fine-grained multi-structure dataset and improve the segmentation of multiple renal structures. Recently, U-Net has dominated the medical image segmentation. In the KiPA challenge, we evaluated several U-Net variants and selected the best models for the final submission. 

8: 
Title: AI-based Aortic Vessel Tree Segmentation for Cardiovascular Diseases
  Treatment: Status Quo
Abstract:
  The aortic vessel tree is composed of the aorta and its branching arteries, and plays a key role in supplying the whole body with blood. Aortic diseases, like aneurysms or dissections, can lead to an aortic rupture, whose treatment with open surgery is highly risky. Therefore, patients commonly undergo drug treatment under constant monitoring, which requires regular inspections of the vessels through imaging. The standard imaging modality for diagnosis and monitoring is computed tomography (CT), which can provide a detailed picture of the aorta and its branching vessels if combined with a contrast agent, resulting in a CT angiography (CTA). Optimally, the whole aortic vessel tree geometry from consecutive CTAs, are overlaid and compared. This allows to not only detect changes in the aorta, but also more peripheral vessel tree changes, caused by the primary pathology or newly developed. When performed manually, this reconstruction requires slice by slice contouring, which could easily take a whole day for a single aortic vessel tree and, hence, is not feasible in clinical practice. Automatic or semi-automatic vessel tree segmentation algorithms, on the other hand, can complete this task in a fraction of the manual execution time and run in parallel to the clinical routine of the clinicians. In this paper, we systematically review computing techniques for the automatic and semi-automatic segmentation of the aortic vessel tree. The review concludes with an in-depth discussion on how close these state-of-the-art approaches are to an application in clinical practice and how active this research field is, taking into account the number of publications, datasets and challenges. 

9: 
Title: ImageTBAD: A 3D Computed Tomography Angiography Image Dataset for
  Automatic Segmentation of Type-B Aortic Dissection
Abstract:
  Type-B Aortic Dissection (TBAD) is one of the most serious cardiovascular events characterized by a growing yearly incidence,and the severity of disease prognosis. Currently, computed tomography angiography (CTA) has been widely adopted for the diagnosis and prognosis of TBAD. Accurate segmentation of true lumen (TL), false lumen (FL), and false lumen thrombus (FLT) in CTA are crucial for the precise quantification of anatomical features. However, existing works only focus on only TL and FL without considering FLT. In this paper, we propose ImageTBAD, the first 3D computed tomography angiography (CTA) image dataset of TBAD with annotation of TL, FL, and FLT. The proposed dataset contains 100 TBAD CTA images, which is of decent size compared with existing medical imaging datasets. As FLT can appear almost anywhere along the aorta with irregular shapes, segmentation of FLT presents a wide class of segmentation problems where targets exist in a variety of positions with irregular shapes. We further propose a baseline method for automatic segmentation of TBAD. Results show that the baseline method can achieve comparable results with existing works on aorta and TL segmentation. However, the segmentation accuracy of FLT is only 52%, which leaves large room for improvement and also shows the challenge of our dataset. To facilitate further research on this challenging problem, our dataset and codes are released to the public. 

10: 
Title: Acute ischemic stroke lesion segmentation in non-contrast CT images
  using 3D convolutional neural networks
Abstract:
  In this paper, an automatic algorithm aimed at volumetric segmentation of acute ischemic stroke lesion in non-contrast computed tomography brain 3D images is proposed. Our deep-learning approach is based on the popular 3D U-Net convolutional neural network architecture, which was modified by adding the squeeze-and-excitation blocks and residual connections. Robust pre-processing methods were implemented to improve the segmentation accuracy. Moreover, a specific patches sampling strategy was used to address the large size of medical images, to smooth out the effect of the class imbalance problem and to stabilize neural network training. All experiments were performed using five-fold cross-validation on the dataset containing non-contrast computed tomography volumetric brain scans of 81 patients diagnosed with acute ischemic stroke. Two radiology experts manually segmented images independently and then verified the labeling results for inconsistencies. The quantitative results of the proposed algorithm and obtained segmentation were measured by the Dice similarity coefficient, sensitivity, specificity and precision metrics. Our proposed model achieves an average Dice of $0.628\pm0.033$, sensitivity of $0.699\pm0.039$, specificity of $0.9965\pm0.0016$ and precision of $0.619\pm0.036$, showing promising segmentation results. 

