Query:
how to benchmark large language models

Results:
1: 
Title: LMentry: A Language Model Benchmark of Elementary Language Tasks
Abstract:
  As the performance of large language models rapidly improves, benchmarks are getting larger and more complex as well. We present LMentry, a benchmark that avoids this "arms race" by focusing on a compact set of tasks that are trivial to humans, e.g. writing a sentence containing a specific word, identifying which words in a list belong to a specific category, or choosing which of two words is longer. LMentry is specifically designed to provide quick and interpretable insights into the capabilities and robustness of large language models. Our experiments reveal a wide variety of failure cases that, while immediately obvious to humans, pose a considerable challenge for large language models, including OpenAI's latest 175B-parameter instruction-tuned model, TextDavinci002. LMentry complements contemporary evaluation approaches of large language models, providing a quick, automatic, and easy-to-run "unit test", without resorting to large benchmark suites of complex tasks. 

2: 
Title: GEM: A General Evaluation Benchmark for Multimodal Tasks
Abstract:
  In this paper, we present GEM as a General Evaluation benchmark for Multimodal tasks. Different from existing datasets such as GLUE, SuperGLUE, XGLUE and XTREME that mainly focus on natural language tasks, GEM is a large-scale vision-language benchmark, which consists of GEM-I for image-language tasks and GEM-V for video-language tasks. Comparing with existing multimodal datasets such as MSCOCO and Flicker30K for image-language tasks, YouCook2 and MSR-VTT for video-language tasks, GEM is not only the largest vision-language dataset covering image-language tasks and video-language tasks at the same time, but also labeled in multiple languages. We also provide two baseline models for this benchmark. We will release the dataset, code and baseline models, aiming to advance the development of multilingual multimodal research. 

3: 
Title: Robustness Analysis of Video-Language Models Against Visual and Language
  Perturbations
Abstract:
  Joint visual and language modeling on large-scale datasets has recently shown good progress in multi-modal tasks when compared to single modal learning. However, robustness of these approaches against real-world perturbations has not been studied. In this work, we perform the first extensive robustness study of video-language models against various real-world perturbations. We focus on text-to-video retrieval and propose two large-scale benchmark datasets, MSRVTT-P and YouCook2-P, which utilize 90 different visual and 35 different text perturbations. The study reveals some interesting initial findings from the studied models: 1) models are more robust when text is perturbed versus when video is perturbed, 2) models that are pre-trained are more robust than those trained from scratch, 3) models attend more to scene and objects rather than motion and action. We hope this study will serve as a benchmark and guide future research in robust video-language learning. The benchmark introduced in this study along with the code and datasets is available at https://bit.ly/3CNOly4. 

4: 
Title: DeepEmotex: Classifying Emotion in Text Messages using Deep Transfer
  Learning
Abstract:
  Transfer learning has been widely used in natural language processing through deep pretrained language models, such as Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers and Universal Sentence Encoder. Despite the great success, language models get overfitted when applied to small datasets and are prone to forgetting when fine-tuned with a classifier. To remedy this problem of forgetting in transferring deep pretrained language models from one domain to another domain, existing efforts explore fine-tuning methods to forget less. We propose DeepEmotex an effective sequential transfer learning method to detect emotion in text. To avoid forgetting problem, the fine-tuning step is instrumented by a large amount of emotion-labeled data collected from Twitter. We conduct an experimental study using both curated Twitter data sets and benchmark data sets. DeepEmotex models achieve over 91% accuracy for multi-class emotion classification on test dataset. We evaluate the performance of the fine-tuned DeepEmotex models in classifying emotion in EmoInt and Stimulus benchmark datasets. The models correctly classify emotion in 73% of the instances in the benchmark datasets. The proposed DeepEmotex-BERT model outperforms Bi-LSTM result on the benchmark datasets by 23%. We also study the effect of the size of the fine-tuning dataset on the accuracy of our models. Our evaluation results show that fine-tuning with a large set of emotion-labeled data improves both the robustness and effectiveness of the resulting target task model. 

5: 
Title: Large Language Models are Pretty Good Zero-Shot Video Game Bug Detectors
Abstract:
  Video game testing requires game-specific knowledge as well as common sense reasoning about the events in the game. While AI-driven agents can satisfy the first requirement, it is not yet possible to meet the second requirement automatically. Therefore, video game testing often still relies on manual testing, and human testers are required to play the game thoroughly to detect bugs. As a result, it is challenging to fully automate game testing. In this study, we explore the possibility of leveraging the zero-shot capabilities of large language models for video game bug detection. By formulating the bug detection problem as a question-answering task, we show that large language models can identify which event is buggy in a sequence of textual descriptions of events from a game. To this end, we introduce the GameBugDescriptions benchmark dataset, which consists of 167 buggy gameplay videos and a total of 334 question-answer pairs across 8 games. We extensively evaluate the performance of six models across the OPT and InstructGPT large language model families on our benchmark dataset. Our results show promising results for employing language models to detect video game bugs. With the proper prompting technique, we could achieve an accuracy of 70.66%, and on some video games, up to 78.94%. Our code, evaluation data and the benchmark can be found on https://asgaardlab.github.io/LLMxBugs 

6: 
Title: InforMask: Unsupervised Informative Masking for Language Model
  Pretraining
Abstract:
  Masked language modeling is widely used for pretraining large language models for natural language understanding (NLU). However, random masking is suboptimal, allocating an equal masking rate for all tokens. In this paper, we propose InforMask, a new unsupervised masking strategy for training masked language models. InforMask exploits Pointwise Mutual Information (PMI) to select the most informative tokens to mask. We further propose two optimizations for InforMask to improve its efficiency. With a one-off preprocessing step, InforMask outperforms random masking and previously proposed masking strategies on the factual recall benchmark LAMA and the question answering benchmark SQuAD v1 and v2. 

7: 
Title: Multi-lingual Evaluation of Code Generation Models
Abstract:
  We present MBXP, an execution-based code completion benchmark in 10+ programming languages. This collection of datasets is generated by our conversion framework that translates prompts and test cases from the original MBPP dataset to the corresponding data in a target language. Based on this benchmark, we are able to evaluate code generation models in a multi-lingual fashion, and in particular discover generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, advantages of large multi-lingual models over mono-lingual, benefits of few-shot prompting, and zero-shot translation abilities. In addition, we use our code generation model to perform large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in several languages. These solutions can be used for other code-related evaluations such as insertion-based, summarization, or code translation tasks where we demonstrate results and release as part of our benchmark. 

8: 
Title: IndicSUPERB: A Speech Processing Universal Performance Benchmark for
  Indian languages
Abstract:
  A cornerstone in AI research has been the creation and adoption of standardized training and test datasets to earmark the progress of state-of-the-art models. A particularly successful example is the GLUE dataset for training and evaluating Natural Language Understanding (NLU) models for English. The large body of research around self-supervised BERT-based language models revolved around performance improvements on NLU tasks in GLUE. To evaluate language models in other languages, several language-specific GLUE datasets were created. The area of speech language understanding (SLU) has followed a similar trajectory. The success of large self-supervised models such as wav2vec2 enable creation of speech models with relatively easy to access unlabelled data. These models can then be evaluated on SLU tasks, such as the SUPERB benchmark. In this work, we extend this to Indic languages by releasing the IndicSUPERB benchmark. Specifically, we make the following three contributions. (i) We collect Kathbath containing 1,684 hours of labelled speech data across 12 Indian languages from 1,218 contributors located in 203 districts in India. (ii) Using Kathbath, we create benchmarks across 6 speech tasks: Automatic Speech Recognition, Speaker Verification, Speaker Identification (mono/multi), Language Identification, Query By Example, and Keyword Spotting for 12 languages. (iii) On the released benchmarks, we train and evaluate different self-supervised models alongside a commonly used baseline FBANK. We show that language-specific fine-tuned models are more accurate than baseline on most of the tasks, including a large gap of 76\% for the Language Identification task. However, for speaker identification, self-supervised models trained on large datasets demonstrate an advantage. We hope IndicSUPERB contributes to the progress of developing speech language understanding models for Indian languages. 

9: 
Title: Are Multilingual Models the Best Choice for Moderately Under-resourced
  Languages? A Comprehensive Assessment for Catalan
Abstract:
  Multilingual language models have been a crucial breakthrough as they considerably reduce the need of data for under-resourced languages. Nevertheless, the superiority of language-specific models has already been proven for languages having access to large amounts of data. In this work, we focus on Catalan with the aim to explore to what extent a medium-sized monolingual language model is competitive with state-of-the-art large multilingual models. For this, we: (1) build a clean, high-quality textual Catalan corpus (CaText), the largest to date (but only a fraction of the usual size of the previous work in monolingual language models), (2) train a Transformer-based language model for Catalan (BERTa), and (3) devise a thorough evaluation in a diversity of settings, comprising a complete array of downstream tasks, namely, Part of Speech Tagging, Named Entity Recognition and Classification, Text Classification, Question Answering, and Semantic Textual Similarity, with most of the corresponding datasets being created ex novo. The result is a new benchmark, the Catalan Language Understanding Benchmark (CLUB), which we publish as an open resource, together with the clean textual corpus, the language model, and the cleaning pipeline. Using state-of-the-art multilingual models and a monolingual model trained only on Wikipedia as baselines, we consistently observe the superiority of our model across tasks and settings. 

10: 
Title: CRASS: A Novel Data Set and Benchmark to Test Counterfactual Reasoning
  of Large Language Models
Abstract:
  We introduce the CRASS (counterfactual reasoning assessment) data set and benchmark utilizing questionized counterfactual conditionals as a novel and powerful tool to evaluate large language models. We present the data set design and benchmark that supports scoring against a crowd-validated human baseline. We test six state-of-the-art models against our benchmark. Our results show that it poses a valid challenge for these models and opens up considerable room for their improvement. 

