Query:
how to improve quality of image segmentation

Results:
1: 
Title: Fine-Grained Entity Segmentation
Abstract:
  In dense image segmentation tasks (e.g., semantic, panoptic), existing methods can hardly generalize well to unseen image domains, predefined classes, and image resolution & quality variations. Motivated by these observations, we construct a large-scale entity segmentation dataset to explore fine-grained entity segmentation, with a strong focus on open-world and high-quality dense segmentation. The dataset contains images spanning diverse image domains and resolutions, along with high-quality mask annotations for training and testing. Given the high-quality and -resolution nature of the dataset, we propose CropFormer for high-quality segmentation, which can improve mask prediction using high-res image crops that provide more fine-grained image details than the full image. CropFormer is the first query-based Transformer architecture that can effectively ensemble mask predictions from multiple image crops, by learning queries that can associate the same entities across the full image and its crop. With CropFormer, we achieve a significant AP gain of $1.9$ on the challenging fine-grained entity segmentation task. The dataset and code will be released at http://luqi.info/entityv2.github.io/. 

2: 
Title: Conditional Random Fields as Recurrent Neural Networks for 3D Medical
  Imaging Segmentation
Abstract:
  The Conditional Random Field as a Recurrent Neural Network layer is a recently proposed algorithm meant to be placed on top of an existing Fully-Convolutional Neural Network to improve the quality of semantic segmentation. In this paper, we test whether this algorithm, which was shown to improve semantic segmentation for 2D RGB images, is able to improve segmentation quality for 3D multi-modal medical images. We developed an implementation of the algorithm which works for any number of spatial dimensions, input/output image channels, and reference image channels. As far as we know this is the first publicly available implementation of this sort. We tested the algorithm with two distinct 3D medical imaging datasets, we concluded that the performance differences observed were not statistically significant. Finally, in the discussion section of the paper, we go into the reasons as to why this technique transfers poorly from natural images to medical images. 

3: 
Title: EISeg: An Efficient Interactive Segmentation Tool based on PaddlePaddle
Abstract:
  In recent years, the rapid development of deep learning has brought great advancements to image and video segmentation methods based on neural networks. However, to unleash the full potential of such models, large numbers of high-quality annotated images are necessary for model training. Currently, many widely used open-source image segmentation software relies heavily on manual annotation which is tedious and time-consuming. In this work, we introduce EISeg, an Efficient Interactive SEGmentation annotation tool that can drastically improve image segmentation annotation efficiency, generating highly accurate segmentation masks with only a few clicks. We also provide various domain-specific models for remote sensing, medical imaging, industrial quality inspections, human segmentation, and temporal aware models for video segmentation. The source code for our algorithm and user interface are available at: https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg. 

4: 
Title: Joint Calibrationless Reconstruction and Segmentation of Parallel MRI
Abstract:
  The volume estimation of brain regions from MRI data is a key problem in many clinical applications, where the acquisition of data at high spatial resolution is desirable. While parallel MRI and constrained image reconstruction algorithms can accelerate the scans, image reconstruction artifacts are inevitable, especially at high acceleration factors. We introduce a novel image domain deep-learning framework for calibrationless parallel MRI reconstruction, coupled with a segmentation network to improve image quality and to reduce the vulnerability of current segmentation algorithms to image artifacts resulting from acceleration. The combination of the proposed image domain deep calibrationless approach with the segmentation algorithm offers improved image quality, while increasing the accuracy of the segmentations. The novel architecture with an encoder shared between the reconstruction and segmentation tasks is seen to reduce the need for segmented training datasets. In particular, the proposed few-shot training strategy requires only 10% of segmented datasets to offer good performance. 

5: 
Title: Cost-efficient segmentation of electron microscopy images using active
  learning
Abstract:
  Over the last decade, electron microscopy has improved up to a point that generating high quality gigavoxel sized datasets only requires a few hours. Automated image analysis, particularly image segmentation, however, has not evolved at the same pace. Even though state-of-the-art methods such as U-Net and DeepLab have improved segmentation performance substantially, the required amount of labels remains too expensive. Active learning is the subfield in machine learning that aims to mitigate this burden by selecting the samples that require labeling in a smart way. Many techniques have been proposed, particularly for image classification, to increase the steepness of learning curves. In this work, we extend these techniques to deep CNN based image segmentation. Our experiments on three different electron microscopy datasets show that active learning can improve segmentation quality by 10 to 15% in terms of Jaccard score compared to standard randomized sampling. 

6: 
Title: Where is the disease? Semi-supervised pseudo-normality synthesis from an
  abnormal image
Abstract:
  Pseudo-normality synthesis, which computationally generates a pseudo-normal image from an abnormal one (e.g., with lesions), is critical in many perspectives, from lesion detection, data augmentation to clinical surgery suggestion. However, it is challenging to generate high-quality pseudo-normal images in the absence of the lesion information. Thus, expensive lesion segmentation data have been introduced to provide lesion information for the generative models and improve the quality of the synthetic images. In this paper, we aim to alleviate the need of a large amount of lesion segmentation data when generating pseudo-normal images. We propose a Semi-supervised Medical Image generative LEarning network (SMILE) which not only utilizes limited medical images with segmentation masks, but also leverages massive medical images without segmentation masks to generate realistic pseudo-normal images. Extensive experiments show that our model outperforms the best state-of-the-art model by up to 6% for data augmentation task and 3% in generating high-quality images. Moreover, the proposed semi-supervised learning achieves comparable medical image synthesis quality with supervised learning model, using only 50 of segmentation data. 

7: 
Title: Clickstream analysis for crowd-based object segmentation with confidence
Abstract:
  With the rapidly increasing interest in machine learning based solutions for automatic image annotation, the availability of reference annotations for algorithm training is one of the major bottlenecks in the field. Crowdsourcing has evolved as a valuable option for low-cost and large-scale data annotation; however, quality control remains a major issue which needs to be addressed. To our knowledge, we are the first to analyze the annotation process to improve crowd-sourced image segmentation. Our method involves training a regressor to estimate the quality of a segmentation from the annotator's clickstream data. The quality estimation can be used to identify spam and weight individual annotations by their (estimated) quality when merging multiple segmentations of one image. Using a total of 29,000 crowd annotations performed on publicly available data of different object classes, we show that (1) our method is highly accurate in estimating the segmentation quality based on clickstream data, (2) outperforms state-of-the-art methods for merging multiple annotations. As the regressor does not need to be trained on the object class that it is applied to it can be regarded as a low-cost option for quality control and confidence analysis in the context of crowd-based image annotation. 

8: 
Title: Leveraging Self-supervised Denoising for Image Segmentation
Abstract:
  Deep learning (DL) has arguably emerged as the method of choice for the detection and segmentation of biological structures in microscopy images. However, DL typically needs copious amounts of annotated training data that is for biomedical projects typically not available and excessively expensive to generate. Additionally, tasks become harder in the presence of noise, requiring even more high-quality training data. Hence, we propose to use denoising networks to improve the performance of other DL-based image segmentation methods. More specifically, we present ideas on how state-of-the-art self-supervised CARE networks can improve cell/nuclei segmentation in microscopy data. Using two state-of-the-art baseline methods, U-Net and StarDist, we show that our ideas consistently improve the quality of resulting segmentations, especially when only limited training data for noisy micrographs are available. 

9: 
Title: Multi-atlas image registration of clinical data with automated quality
  assessment using ventricle segmentation
Abstract:
  Registration is a core component of many imaging pipelines. In case of clinical scans, with lower resolution and sometimes substantial motion artifacts, registration can produce poor results. Visual assessment of registration quality in large clinical datasets is inefficient. In this work, we propose to automatically assess the quality of registration to an atlas in clinical FLAIR MRI scans of the brain. The method consists of automatically segmenting the ventricles of a given scan using a neural network, and comparing the segmentation to the atlas' ventricles propagated to image space. We used the proposed method to improve clinical image registration to a general atlas by computing multiple registrations and then selecting the registration that yielded the highest ventricle overlap. Methods were evaluated in a single-site dataset of more than 1000 scans, as well as a multi-center dataset comprising 142 clinical scans from 12 sites. The automated ventricle segmentation reached a Dice coefficient with manual annotations of 0.89 in the single-site dataset, and 0.83 in the multi-center dataset. Registration via age-specific atlases could improve ventricle overlap compared to a direct registration to the general atlas (Dice similarity coefficient increase up to 0.15). Experiments also showed that selecting scans with the registration quality assessment method could improve the quality of average maps of white matter hyperintensity burden, instead of using all scans for the computation of the white matter hyperintensity map. In this work, we demonstrated the utility of an automated tool for assessing image registration quality in clinical scans. This image quality assessment step could ultimately assist in the translation of automated neuroimaging pipelines to the clinic. 

10: 
Title: Improving Semantic Segmentation through Spatio-Temporal Consistency
  Learned from Videos
Abstract:
  We leverage unsupervised learning of depth, egomotion, and camera intrinsics to improve the performance of single-image semantic segmentation, by enforcing 3D-geometric and temporal consistency of segmentation masks across video frames. The predicted depth, egomotion, and camera intrinsics are used to provide an additional supervision signal to the segmentation model, significantly enhancing its quality, or, alternatively, reducing the number of labels the segmentation model needs. Our experiments were performed on the ScanNet dataset. 

