Query:
how to solve the vanishing gradient problem

Results:
1: 
Title: AIS: A nonlinear activation function for industrial safety engineering
Abstract:
  In the task of Chinese named entity recognition based on deep learning, activation function plays an irreplaceable role, it introduces nonlinear characteristics into neural network, so that the fitted model can be applied to various tasks. However, the information density of industrial safety analysis text is relatively high, and the correlation and similarity between the information are large, which is easy to cause the problem of high deviation and high standard deviation of the model, no specific activation function has been designed in previous studies, and the traditional activation function has the problems of gradient vanishing and negative region, which also lead to the recognition accuracy of the model can not be further improved. To solve these problems, a novel activation function AIS is proposed in this paper. AIS is an activation function applied in industrial safety engineering, which is composed of two piecewise nonlinear functions. In the positive region, the structure combining exponential function and quadratic function is used to alleviate the problem of deviation and standard deviation, and the linear function is added to modify it, which makes the whole activation function smoother and overcomes the problem of gradient vanishing. In the negative region, the cubic function structure is used to solve the negative region problem and accelerate the convergence of the model. Based on the deep learning model of BERT-BiLSTM-CRF, the performance of AIS is evaluated. The results show that, compared with other activation functions, AIS overcomes the problems of gradient vanishing and negative region, reduces the deviation of the model, speeds up the model fitting, and improves the extraction ability of the model for industrial entities. 

2: 
Title: Stable ResNet
Abstract:
  Deep ResNet architectures have achieved state of the art performance on many tasks. While they solve the problem of gradient vanishing, they might suffer from gradient exploding as the depth becomes large (Yang et al. 2017). Moreover, recent results have shown that ResNet might lose expressivity as the depth goes to infinity (Yang et al. 2017, Hayou et al. 2019). To resolve these issues, we introduce a new class of ResNet architectures, called Stable ResNet, that have the property of stabilizing the gradient while ensuring expressivity in the infinite depth limit. 

3: 
Title: Online learning for min-max discrete problems
Abstract:
  We study various discrete nonlinear combinatorial optimization problems in an online learning framework. In the first part, we address the question of whether there are negative results showing that getting a vanishing (or even vanishing approximate) regret is computational hard. We provide a general reduction showing that many (min-max) polynomial time solvable problems not only do not have a vanishing regret, but also no vanishing approximation $\alpha$-regret, for some $\alpha$ (unless $NP=BPP$). Then, we focus on a particular min-max problem, the min-max version of the vertex cover problem which is solvable in polynomial time in the offline case. The previous reduction proves that there is no $(2-\epsilon)$-regret online algorithm, unless Unique Game is in $BPP$; we prove a matching upper bound providing an online algorithm based on the online gradient descent method. Then, we turn our attention to online learning algorithms that are based on an offline optimization oracle that, given a set of instances of the problem, is able to compute the optimum static solution. We show that for different nonlinear discrete optimization problems, it is strongly $NP$-hard to solve the offline optimization oracle, even for problems that can be solved in polynomial time in the static case (e.g. min-max vertex cover, min-max perfect matching, etc.). On the positive side, we present an online algorithm with vanishing regret that is based on the follow the perturbed leader algorithm for a generalized knapsack problem. 

4: 
Title: Cogradient Descent for Bilinear Optimization
Abstract:
  Conventional learning methods simplify the bilinear model by regarding two intrinsically coupled factors independently, which degrades the optimization procedure. One reason lies in the insufficient training due to the asynchronous gradient descent, which results in vanishing gradients for the coupled variables. In this paper, we introduce a Cogradient Descent algorithm (CoGD) to address the bilinear problem, based on a theoretical framework to coordinate the gradient of hidden variables via a projection function. We solve one variable by considering its coupling relationship with the other, leading to a synchronous gradient descent to facilitate the optimization procedure. Our algorithm is applied to solve problems with one variable under the sparsity constraint, which is widely used in the learning paradigm. We validate our CoGD considering an extensive set of applications including image reconstruction, inpainting, and network pruning. Experiments show that it improves the state-of-the-art by a significant margin. 

5: 
Title: Regularization and Reparameterization Avoid Vanishing Gradients in
  Sigmoid-Type Networks
Abstract:
  Deep learning requires several design choices, such as the nodes' activation functions and the widths, types, and arrangements of the layers. One consideration when making these choices is the vanishing-gradient problem, which is the phenomenon of algorithms getting stuck at suboptimal points due to small gradients. In this paper, we revisit the vanishing-gradient problem in the context of sigmoid-type activation. We use mathematical arguments to highlight two different sources of the phenomenon, namely large individual parameters and effects across layers, and to illustrate two simple remedies, namely regularization and rescaling. We then demonstrate the effectiveness of the two remedies in practice. In view of the vanishing-gradient problem being a main reason why tanh and other sigmoid-type activation has become much less popular than relu-type activation, our results bring sigmoid-type activation back to the table. 

6: 
Title: Sensitivity - Local Index to Control Chaoticity or Gradient Globally -
Abstract:
  Here, we introduce a fully local index named "sensitivity" for each neuron to control chaoticity or gradient globally in a neural network (NN). We also propose a learning method to adjust it named "sensitivity adjustment learning (SAL)". The index is the gradient magnitude of its output with respect to its inputs. By adjusting its time average to 1.0 in each neuron, information transmission in the neuron changes to be moderate without shrinking or expanding for both forward and backward computations. That results in moderate information transmission through a layer of neurons when the weights and inputs are random. Therefore, SAL can control the chaoticity of the network dynamics in a recurrent NN (RNN). It can also solve the vanishing gradient problem in error backpropagation (BP) learning in a deep feedforward NN or an RNN. We demonstrate that when applying SAL to an RNN with small and random initial weights, log-sensitivity, which is the logarithm of RMS (root mean square) sensitivity over all the neurons, is equivalent to the maximum Lyapunov exponent until it reaches 0.0. We also show that SAL works with BP or BPTT (BP through time) to avoid the vanishing gradient problem in a 300-layer NN or an RNN that learns a problem with a lag of 300 steps between the first input and the output. Compared with manually fine-tuning the spectral radius of the weight matrix before learning, SAL's continuous nonlinear learning nature prevents loss of sensitivities during learning, resulting in a significant improvement in learning performance. 

7: 
Title: Analysis on Gradient Propagation in Batch Normalized Residual Networks
Abstract:
  We conduct mathematical analysis on the effect of batch normalization (BN) on gradient backpropogation in residual network training, which is believed to play a critical role in addressing the gradient vanishing/explosion problem, in this work. By analyzing the mean and variance behavior of the input and the gradient in the forward and backward passes through the BN and residual branches, respectively, we show that they work together to confine the gradient variance to a certain range across residual blocks in backpropagation. As a result, the gradient vanishing/explosion problem is avoided. We also show the relative importance of batch normalization w.r.t. the residual branches in residual networks. 

8: 
Title: Weight Initialization of Deep Neural Networks(DNNs) using Data
  Statistics
Abstract:
  Deep neural networks (DNNs) form the backbone of almost every state-of-the-art technique in the fields such as computer vision, speech processing, and text analysis. The recent advances in computational technology have made the use of DNNs more practical. Despite the overwhelming performances by DNN and the advances in computational technology, it is seen that very few researchers try to train their models from the scratch. Training of DNNs still remains a difficult and tedious job. The main challenges that researchers face during training of DNNs are the vanishing/exploding gradient problem and the highly non-convex nature of the objective function which has up to million variables. The approaches suggested in He and Xavier solve the vanishing gradient problem by providing a sophisticated initialization technique. These approaches have been quite effective and have achieved good results on standard datasets, but these same approaches do not work very well on more practical datasets. We think the reason for this is not making use of data statistics for initializing the network weights. Optimizing such a high dimensional loss function requires careful initialization of network weights. In this work, we propose a data dependent initialization and analyze its performance against the standard initialization techniques such as He and Xavier. We performed our experiments on some practical datasets and the results show our algorithm's superior classification accuracy. 

9: 
Title: h-detach: Modifying the LSTM Gradient Towards Better Optimization
Abstract:
  Recurrent neural networks are known for their notorious exploding and vanishing gradient problem (EVGP). This problem becomes more evident in tasks where the information needed to correctly solve them exist over long time scales, because EVGP prevents important gradient components from being back-propagated adequately over a large number of steps. We introduce a simple stochastic algorithm (\textit{h}-detach) that is specific to LSTM optimization and targeted towards addressing this problem. Specifically, we show that when the LSTM weights are large, the gradient components through the linear path (cell state) in the LSTM computational graph get suppressed. Based on the hypothesis that these components carry information about long term dependencies (which we show empirically), their suppression can prevent LSTMs from capturing them. Our algorithm\footnote{Our code is available at https://github.com/bhargav104/h-detach.} prevents gradients flowing through this path from getting suppressed, thus allowing the LSTM to capture such dependencies better. We show significant improvements over vanilla LSTM gradient based training in terms of convergence speed, robustness to seed and learning rate, and generalization using our modification of LSTM gradient on various benchmark datasets. 

10: 
Title: Escaping from the Barren Plateau via Gaussian Initializations in Deep
  Variational Quantum Circuits
Abstract:
  Variational quantum circuits have been widely employed in quantum simulation and quantum machine learning in recent years. However, quantum circuits with random structures have poor trainability due to the exponentially vanishing gradient with respect to the circuit depth and the qubit number. This result leads to a general standpoint that deep quantum circuits would not be feasible for practical tasks. In this work, we propose an initialization strategy with theoretical guarantees for the vanishing gradient problem in general deep quantum circuits. Specifically, we prove that under proper Gaussian initialized parameters, the norm of the gradient decays at most polynomially when the qubit number and the circuit depth increase. Our theoretical results hold for both the local and the global observable cases, where the latter was believed to have vanishing gradients even for very shallow circuits. Experimental results verify our theoretical findings in the quantum simulation and quantum chemistry. 

