Similiarity query for paper Dropout
Query:
Deep neural nets with a large number of parameters are very powerful machine learning systems. However, overfitting is a serious problem in such networks. Large networks are also slow to use, making it difficult to deal with overfitting by combining the predictions of many different large neural nets at test time. Dropout is a technique for addressing this problem. The key idea is to randomly drop units (along with their connections) from the neural network during training. This prevents units from co-adapting too much. During training, dropout samples from an exponential number of different 'thinned' networks. At test time, it is easy to approximate the effect of averaging the predictions of all these thinned networks by simply using a single unthinned network that has smaller weights. This significantly reduces overfitting and gives major improvements over other regularization methods. We show that dropout improves the performance of neural networks on supervised learning tasks in vision, speech recognition, document classification and computational biology, obtaining state-of-the-art results on many benchmark data sets.

Results:
1: 
Title: Neuron-Specific Dropout: A Deterministic Regularization Technique to
  Prevent Neural Networks from Overfitting & Reduce Dependence on Large
  Training Samples
Abstract:
  In order to develop complex relationships between their inputs and outputs, deep neural networks train and adjust large number of parameters. To make these networks work at high accuracy, vast amounts of data are needed. Sometimes, however, the quantity of data needed is not present or obtainable for training. Neuron-specific dropout (NSDropout) is a tool to address this problem. NSDropout looks at both the training pass, and validation pass, of a layer in a model. By comparing the average values produced by each neuron for each class in a data set, the network is able to drop targeted units. The layer is able to predict what features, or noise, the model is looking at during testing that isn't present when looking at samples from validation. Unlike dropout, the "thinned" networks cannot be "unthinned" for testing. Neuron-specific dropout has proved to achieve similar, if not better, testing accuracy with far less data than traditional methods including dropout and other regularization methods. Experimentation has shown that neuron-specific dropout reduces the chance of a network overfitting and reduces the need for large training samples on supervised learning tasks in image recognition, all while producing best-in-class results. 

2: 
Title: Ising-Dropout: A Regularization Method for Training and Compression of
  Deep Neural Networks
Abstract:
  Overfitting is a major problem in training machine learning models, specifically deep neural networks. This problem may be caused by imbalanced datasets and initialization of the model parameters, which conforms the model too closely to the training data and negatively affects the generalization performance of the model for unseen data. The original dropout is a regularization technique to drop hidden units randomly during training. In this paper, we propose an adaptive technique to wisely drop the visible and hidden units in a deep neural network using Ising energy of the network. The preliminary results show that the proposed approach can keep the classification performance competitive to the original network while eliminating optimization of unnecessary network parameters in each training cycle. The dropout state of units can also be applied to the trained (inference) model. This technique could compress the network in terms of number of parameters up to 41.18% and 55.86% for the classification task on the MNIST and Fashion-MNIST datasets, respectively. 

3: 
Title: Curriculum Dropout
Abstract:
  Dropout is a very effective way of regularizing neural networks. Stochastically "dropping out" units with a certain probability discourages over-specific co-adaptations of feature detectors, preventing overfitting and improving network generalization. Besides, Dropout can be interpreted as an approximate model aggregation technique, where an exponential number of smaller networks are averaged in order to get a more powerful ensemble. In this paper, we show that using a fixed dropout probability during training is a suboptimal choice. We thus propose a time scheduling for the probability of retaining neurons in the network. This induces an adaptive regularization scheme that smoothly increases the difficulty of the optimization problem. This idea of "starting easy" and adaptively increasing the difficulty of the learning problem has its roots in curriculum learning and allows one to train better models. Indeed, we prove that our optimization strategy implements a very general curriculum scheme, by gradually adding noise to both the input and intermediate feature representations within the network architecture. Experiments on seven image classification datasets and different network architectures show that our method, named Curriculum Dropout, frequently yields to better generalization and, at worst, performs just as well as the standard Dropout method. 

4: 
Title: Macro-block dropout for improved regularization in training end-to-end
  speech recognition models
Abstract:
  This paper proposes a new regularization algorithm referred to as macro-block dropout. The overfitting issue has been a difficult problem in training large neural network models. The dropout technique has proven to be simple yet very effective for regularization by preventing complex co-adaptations during training. In our work, we define a macro-block that contains a large number of units from the input to a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). Rather than applying dropout to each unit, we apply random dropout to each macro-block. This algorithm has the effect of applying different drop out rates for each layer even if we keep a constant average dropout rate, which has better regularization effects. In our experiments using Recurrent Neural Network-Transducer (RNN-T), this algorithm shows relatively 4.30 % and 6.13 % Word Error Rates (WERs) improvement over the conventional dropout on LibriSpeech test-clean and test-other. With an Attention-based Encoder-Decoder (AED) model, this algorithm shows relatively 4.36 % and 5.85 % WERs improvement over the conventional dropout on the same test sets. 

5: 
Title: Analysis of Dropout in Online Learning
Abstract:
  Deep learning is the state-of-the-art in fields such as visual object recognition and speech recognition. This learning uses a large number of layers and a huge number of units and connections. Therefore, overfitting is a serious problem with it, and the dropout which is a kind of regularization tool is used. However, in online learning, the effect of dropout is not well known. This paper presents our investigation on the effect of dropout in online learning. We analyzed the effect of dropout on convergence speed near the singular point. Our results indicated that dropout is effective in online learning. Dropout tends to avoid the singular point for convergence speed near that point. 

6: 
Title: DropFilter: Dropout for Convolutions
Abstract:
  Using a large number of parameters , deep neural networks have achieved remarkable performance on computer vison and natural language processing tasks. However the networks usually suffer from overfitting by using too much parameters. Dropout is a widely use method to deal with overfitting. Although dropout can significantly regularize densely connected layers in neural networks, it leads to suboptimal results when using for convolutional layers. To track this problem, we propose DropFilter, a new dropout method for convolutional layers. DropFilter randomly suppresses the outputs of some filters. Because it is observed that co-adaptions are more likely to occurs inter filters rather than intra filters in convolutional layers. Using DropFilter, we remarkably improve the performance of convolutional networks on CIFAR and ImageNet. 

7: 
Title: Analysis of dropout learning regarded as ensemble learning
Abstract:
  Deep learning is the state-of-the-art in fields such as visual object recognition and speech recognition. This learning uses a large number of layers, huge number of units, and connections. Therefore, overfitting is a serious problem. To avoid this problem, dropout learning is proposed. Dropout learning neglects some inputs and hidden units in the learning process with a probability, p, and then, the neglected inputs and hidden units are combined with the learned network to express the final output. We find that the process of combining the neglected hidden units with the learned network can be regarded as ensemble learning, so we analyze dropout learning from this point of view. 

8: 
Title: Dropout Inference with Non-Uniform Weight Scaling
Abstract:
  Dropout as regularization has been used extensively to prevent overfitting for training neural networks. During training, units and their connections are randomly dropped, which could be considered as sampling many different submodels from the original model. At test time, weight scaling and Monte Carlo approximation are two widely applied approaches to approximate the outputs. Both approaches work well practically when all submodels are low-bias complex learners. However, in this work, we demonstrate scenarios where some submodels behave closer to high-bias models and a non-uniform weight scaling is a better approximation for inference. 

9: 
Title: Differentially Private Variational Dropout
Abstract:
  Deep neural networks with their large number of parameters are highly flexible learning systems. The high flexibility in such networks brings with some serious problems such as overfitting, and regularization is used to address this problem. A currently popular and effective regularization technique for controlling the overfitting is dropout. Often, large data collections required for neural networks contain sensitive information such as the medical histories of patients, and the privacy of the training data should be protected. In this paper, we modify the recently proposed variational dropout technique which provided an elegant Bayesian interpretation to dropout, and show that the intrinsic noise in the variational dropout can be exploited to obtain a degree of differential privacy. The iterative nature of training neural networks presents a challenge for privacy-preserving estimation since multiple iterations increase the amount of noise added. We overcome this by using a relaxed notion of differential privacy, called concentrated differential privacy, which provides tighter estimates on the overall privacy loss. We demonstrate the accuracy of our privacy-preserving variational dropout algorithm on benchmark datasets. 

10: 
Title: DL-Reg: A Deep Learning Regularization Technique using Linear Regression
Abstract:
  Regularization plays a vital role in the context of deep learning by preventing deep neural networks from the danger of overfitting. This paper proposes a novel deep learning regularization method named as DL-Reg, which carefully reduces the nonlinearity of deep networks to a certain extent by explicitly enforcing the network to behave as much linear as possible. The key idea is to add a linear constraint to the objective function of the deep neural networks, which is simply the error of a linear mapping from the inputs to the outputs of the model. More precisely, the proposed DL-Reg carefully forces the network to behave in a linear manner. This linear constraint, which is further adjusted by a regularization factor, prevents the network from the risk of overfitting. The performance of DL-Reg is evaluated by training state-of-the-art deep network models on several benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that the proposed regularization method: 1) gives major improvements over the existing regularization techniques, and 2) significantly improves the performance of deep neural networks, especially in the case of small-sized training datasets. 

