Similiarity query for paper Unet
Query:
There is large consent that successful training of deep networks requires many thousand annotated training samples. In this paper, we present a network and training strategy that relies on the strong use of data augmentation to use the available annotated samples more efficiently. The architecture consists of a contracting path to capture context and a symmetric expanding path that enables precise localization. We show that such a network can be trained end-to-end from very few images and outperforms the prior best method (a sliding-window convolutional network) on the ISBI challenge for segmentation of neuronal structures in electron microscopic stacks. Using the same network trained on transmitted light microscopy images (phase contrast and DIC) we won the ISBI cell tracking challenge 2015 in these categories by a large margin. Moreover, the network is fast. Segmentation of a 512x512 image takes less than a second on a recent GPU. The full implementation (based on Caffe) and the trained networks are available at this http URL

Results:
1: 
Title: U-Net: Convolutional Networks for Biomedical Image Segmentation
Abstract:
  There is large consent that successful training of deep networks requires many thousand annotated training samples. In this paper, we present a network and training strategy that relies on the strong use of data augmentation to use the available annotated samples more efficiently. The architecture consists of a contracting path to capture context and a symmetric expanding path that enables precise localization. We show that such a network can be trained end-to-end from very few images and outperforms the prior best method (a sliding-window convolutional network) on the ISBI challenge for segmentation of neuronal structures in electron microscopic stacks. Using the same network trained on transmitted light microscopy images (phase contrast and DIC) we won the ISBI cell tracking challenge 2015 in these categories by a large margin. Moreover, the network is fast. Segmentation of a 512x512 image takes less than a second on a recent GPU. The full implementation (based on Caffe) and the trained networks are available at http://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/people/ronneber/u-net . 

2: 
Title: Learning Data Augmentation for Brain Tumor Segmentation with
  Coarse-to-Fine Generative Adversarial Networks
Abstract:
  There is a common belief that the successful training of deep neural networks requires many annotated training samples, which are often expensive and difficult to obtain especially in the biomedical imaging field. While it is often easy for researchers to use data augmentation to expand the size of training sets, constructing and generating generic augmented data that is able to teach the network the desired invariance and robustness properties using traditional data augmentation techniques is challenging in practice. In this paper, we propose a novel automatic data augmentation method that uses generative adversarial networks to learn augmentations that enable machine learning based method to learn the available annotated samples more efficiently. The architecture consists of a coarse-to-fine generator to capture the manifold of the training sets and generate generic augmented data. In our experiments, we show the efficacy of our approach on a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) image, achieving improvements of 3.5% Dice coefficient on the BRATS15 Challenge dataset as compared to traditional augmentation approaches. Also, our proposed method successfully boosts a common segmentation network to reach the state-of-the-art performance on the BRATS15 Challenge. 

3: 
Title: Multi-branch Convolutional Neural Network for Multiple Sclerosis Lesion
  Segmentation
Abstract:
  In this paper, we present an automated approach for segmenting multiple sclerosis (MS) lesions from multi-modal brain magnetic resonance images. Our method is based on a deep end-to-end 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) for slice-based segmentation of 3D volumetric data. The proposed CNN includes a multi-branch downsampling path, which enables the network to encode information from multiple modalities separately. Multi-scale feature fusion blocks are proposed to combine feature maps from different modalities at different stages of the network. Then, multi-scale feature upsampling blocks are introduced to upsize combined feature maps to leverage information from lesion shape and location. We trained and tested the proposed model using orthogonal plane orientations of each 3D modality to exploit the contextual information in all directions. The proposed pipeline is evaluated on two different datasets: a private dataset including 37 MS patients and a publicly available dataset known as the ISBI 2015 longitudinal MS lesion segmentation challenge dataset, consisting of 14 MS patients. Considering the ISBI challenge, at the time of submission, our method was amongst the top performing solutions. On the private dataset, using the same array of performance metrics as in the ISBI challenge, the proposed approach shows high improvements in MS lesion segmentation compared with other publicly available tools. 

4: 
Title: FusionNet: A deep fully residual convolutional neural network for image
  segmentation in connectomics
Abstract:
  Electron microscopic connectomics is an ambitious research direction with the goal of studying comprehensive brain connectivity maps by using high-throughput, nano-scale microscopy. One of the main challenges in connectomics research is developing scalable image analysis algorithms that require minimal user intervention. Recently, deep learning has drawn much attention in computer vision because of its exceptional performance in image classification tasks. For this reason, its application to connectomic analyses holds great promise, as well. In this paper, we introduce a novel deep neural network architecture, FusionNet, for the automatic segmentation of neuronal structures in connectomics data. FusionNet leverages the latest advances in machine learning, such as semantic segmentation and residual neural networks, with the novel introduction of summation-based skip connections to allow a much deeper network architecture for a more accurate segmentation. We demonstrate the performance of the proposed method by comparing it with state-of-the-art electron microscopy (EM) segmentation methods from the ISBI EM segmentation challenge. We also show the segmentation results on two different tasks including cell membrane and cell body segmentation and a statistical analysis of cell morphology. 

5: 
Title: Advanced Deep Networks for 3D Mitochondria Instance Segmentation
Abstract:
  Mitochondria instance segmentation from electron microscopy (EM) images has seen notable progress since the introduction of deep learning methods. In this paper, we propose two advanced deep networks, named Res-UNet-R and Res-UNet-H, for 3D mitochondria instance segmentation from Rat and Human samples. Specifically, we design a simple yet effective anisotropic convolution block and deploy a multi-scale training strategy, which together boost the segmentation performance. Moreover, we enhance the generalizability of the trained models on the test set by adding a denoising operation as pre-processing. In the Large-scale 3D Mitochondria Instance Segmentation Challenge at ISBI 2021, our method ranks the 1st place. Code is available at https://github.com/Limingxing00/MitoEM2021-Challenge. 

6: 
Title: Asymmetric Loss Functions and Deep Densely Connected Networks for Highly
  Imbalanced Medical Image Segmentation: Application to Multiple Sclerosis
  Lesion Detection
Abstract:
  Fully convolutional deep neural networks have been asserted to be fast and precise frameworks with great potential in image segmentation. One of the major challenges in training such networks raises when data is unbalanced, which is common in many medical imaging applications such as lesion segmentation where lesion class voxels are often much lower in numbers than non-lesion voxels. A trained network with unbalanced data may make predictions with high precision and low recall, being severely biased towards the non-lesion class which is particularly undesired in most medical applications where FNs are more important than FPs. Various methods have been proposed to address this problem, more recently similarity loss functions and focal loss. In this work we trained fully convolutional deep neural networks using an asymmetric similarity loss function to mitigate the issue of data imbalance and achieve much better tradeoff between precision and recall. To this end, we developed a 3D FC-DenseNet with large overlapping image patches as input and an asymmetric similarity loss layer based on Tversky index (using Fbeta scores). We used large overlapping image patches as inputs for intrinsic and extrinsic data augmentation, a patch selection algorithm, and a patch prediction fusion strategy using B-spline weighted soft voting to account for the uncertainty of prediction in patch borders. We applied this method to MS lesion segmentation based on two different datasets of MSSEG and ISBI longitudinal MS lesion segmentation challenge, where we achieved top performance in both challenges. Our network trained with focal loss ranked first according to the ISBI challenge overall score and resulted in the lowest reported lesion false positive rate among all submitted methods. Our network trained with the asymmetric similarity loss led to the lowest surface distance and the best lesion true positive rate. 

7: 
Title: Automatic Preprocessing and Ensemble Learning for Low Quality Cell Image
  Segmentation
Abstract:
  We propose an automatic preprocessing and ensemble learning for segmentation of cell images with low quality. It is difficult to capture cells with strong light. Therefore, the microscopic images of cells tend to have low image quality but these images are not good for semantic segmentation. Here we propose a method to translate an input image to the images that are easy to recognize by deep learning. The proposed method consists of two deep neural networks. The first network is the usual training for semantic segmentation, and penultimate feature maps of the first network are used as filters to translate an input image to the images that emphasize each class. This is the automatic preprocessing and translated cell images are easily classified. The input cell image with low quality is translated by the feature maps in the first network, and the translated images are fed into the second network for semantic segmentation. Since the outputs of the second network are multiple segmentation results, we conduct the weighted ensemble of those segmentation images. Two networks are trained by end-to-end manner, and we do not need to prepare images with high quality for the translation. We confirmed that our proposed method can translate cell images with low quality to the images that are easy to segment, and segmentation accuracy has improved using the weighted ensemble learning. 

8: 
Title: Self-mentoring: a new deep learning pipeline to train a self-supervised
  U-net for few-shot learning of bio-artificial capsule segmentation
Abstract:
  Background: Accurate segmentation of microscopic structures such as bio-artificial capsules in microscopy imaging is a prerequisite to the computer-aided understanding of important biomechanical phenomenons. State-of-the-art segmentation performances are achieved by deep neural networks and related data-driven approaches. Training these networks from only a few annotated examples is challenging while producing manually annotated images that provide supervision is tedious.   Method: Recently, self-supervision, i.e. designing a neural pipeline providing synthetic or indirect supervision, has proved to significantly increase generalization performances of models trained on few shots. The objective of this paper is to introduce one such neural pipeline in the context of micro-capsule image segmentation. Our method leverages the rather simple content of these images so that a trainee network can be mentored by a referee network which has been previously trained on synthetically generated pairs of corrupted/correct region masks.   Results: Challenging experimental setups are investigated. They involve from only 3 to 10 annotated images along with moderately large amounts of unannotated images. In a bio-artificial capsule dataset, our approach consistently and drastically improves accuracy. We also show that the learnt referee network is transferable to another Glioblastoma cell dataset and that it can be efficiently coupled with data augmentation strategies.   Conclusions: Experimental results show that very significant accuracy increments are obtained by the proposed pipeline, leading to the conclusion that the self-supervision mechanism introduced in this paper has the potential to replace human annotations. 

9: 
Title: Cell Segmentation and Tracking using CNN-Based Distance Predictions and
  a Graph-Based Matching Strategy
Abstract:
  The accurate segmentation and tracking of cells in microscopy image sequences is an important task in biomedical research, e.g., for studying the development of tissues, organs or entire organisms. However, the segmentation of touching cells in images with a low signal-to-noise-ratio is still a challenging problem. In this paper, we present a method for the segmentation of touching cells in microscopy images. By using a novel representation of cell borders, inspired by distance maps, our method is capable to utilize not only touching cells but also close cells in the training process. Furthermore, this representation is notably robust to annotation errors and shows promising results for the segmentation of microscopy images containing in the training data underrepresented or not included cell types. For the prediction of the proposed neighbor distances, an adapted U-Net convolutional neural network (CNN) with two decoder paths is used. In addition, we adapt a graph-based cell tracking algorithm to evaluate our proposed method on the task of cell tracking. The adapted tracking algorithm includes a movement estimation in the cost function to re-link tracks with missing segmentation masks over a short sequence of frames. Our combined tracking by detection method has proven its potential in the IEEE ISBI 2020 Cell Tracking Challenge (http://celltrackingchallenge.net/) where we achieved as team KIT-Sch-GE multiple top three rankings including two top performances using a single segmentation model for the diverse data sets. 

10: 
Title: Analysis of the performance of U-Net neural networks for the
  segmentation of living cells
Abstract:
  The automated analysis of microscopy images is a challenge in the context of single-cell tracking and quantification. This work has as goals the study of the performance of deep learning for segmenting microscopy images and the improvement of the previously available pipeline for tracking single cells. Deep learning techniques, mainly convolutional neural networks, have been applied to cell segmentation problems and have shown high accuracy and fast performance. To perform the image segmentation, an analysis of hyperparameters was done in order to implement a convolutional neural network with U-Net architecture. Furthermore, different models were built in order to optimize the size of the network and the number of learnable parameters. The trained network is then used in the pipeline that localizes the traps in a microfluidic device, performs the image segmentation on trap images, and evaluates the fluorescence intensity and the area of single cells over time. The tracking of the cells during an experiment is performed by image processing algorithms, such as centroid estimation and watershed. Finally, with all improvements in the neural network to segment single cells and in the pipeline, quasi-real-time image analysis was enabled, where 6.20GB of data was processed in 4 minutes. 

