Similiarity query for paper ResNet
Query:
Deeper neural networks are more difficult to train. We present a residual learning framework to ease the training of networks that are substantially deeper than those used previously. We explicitly reformulate the layers as learning residual functions with reference to the layer inputs, instead of learning unreferenced functions. We provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that these residual networks are easier to optimize, and can gain accuracy from considerably increased depth. On the ImageNet dataset we evaluate residual nets with a depth of up to 152 layers---8x deeper than VGG nets but still having lower complexity. An ensemble of these residual nets achieves 3.57% error on the ImageNet test set. This result won the 1st place on the ILSVRC 2015 classification task. We also present analysis on CIFAR-10 with 100 and 1000 layers. The depth of representations is of central importance for many visual recognition tasks. Solely due to our extremely deep representations, we obtain a 28% relative improvement on the COCO object detection dataset. Deep residual nets are foundations of our submissions to ILSVRC & COCO 2015 competitions, where we also won the 1st places on the tasks of ImageNet detection, ImageNet localization, COCO detection, and COCO segmentation.

Results:
1: 
Title: Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition
Abstract:
  Deeper neural networks are more difficult to train. We present a residual learning framework to ease the training of networks that are substantially deeper than those used previously. We explicitly reformulate the layers as learning residual functions with reference to the layer inputs, instead of learning unreferenced functions. We provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that these residual networks are easier to optimize, and can gain accuracy from considerably increased depth. On the ImageNet dataset we evaluate residual nets with a depth of up to 152 layers---8x deeper than VGG nets but still having lower complexity. An ensemble of these residual nets achieves 3.57% error on the ImageNet test set. This result won the 1st place on the ILSVRC 2015 classification task. We also present analysis on CIFAR-10 with 100 and 1000 layers.   The depth of representations is of central importance for many visual recognition tasks. Solely due to our extremely deep representations, we obtain a 28% relative improvement on the COCO object detection dataset. Deep residual nets are foundations of our submissions to ILSVRC & COCO 2015 competitions, where we also won the 1st places on the tasks of ImageNet detection, ImageNet localization, COCO detection, and COCO segmentation. 

2: 
Title: Residual CNDS
Abstract:
  Convolutional Neural networks nowadays are of tremendous importance for any image classification system. One of the most investigated methods to increase the accuracy of CNN is by increasing the depth of CNN. Increasing the depth by stacking more layers also increases the difficulty of training besides making it computationally expensive. Some research found that adding auxiliary forks after intermediate layers increases the accuracy. Specifying which intermediate layer shoud have the fork just addressed recently. Where a simple rule were used to detect the position of intermediate layers that needs the auxiliary supervision fork. This technique known as convolutional neural networks with deep supervision (CNDS). This technique enhanced the accuracy of classification over the straight forward CNN used on the MIT places dataset and ImageNet. In the other side, Residual Learning is another technique emerged recently to ease the training of very deep CNN. Residual Learning framwork changed the learning of layers from unreferenced functions to learning residual function with regard to the layer's input. Residual Learning achieved state of arts results on ImageNet 2015 and COCO competitions. In this paper, we study the effect of adding residual connections to CNDS network. Our experiments results show increasing of accuracy over using CNDS only. 

3: 
Title: Using accumulation to optimize deep residual neural nets
Abstract:
  Residual Neural Networks [1] won first place in all five main tracks of the ImageNet and COCO 2015 competitions. This kind of network involves the creation of pluggable modules such that the output contains a residual from the input. The residual in that paper is the identity function. We propose to include residuals from all lower layers, suitably normalized, to create the residual. This way, all previous layers contribute equally to the output of a layer. We show that our approach is an improvement on [1] for the CIFAR-10 dataset. 

4: 
Title: Deep Residual Networks with Exponential Linear Unit
Abstract:
  Very deep convolutional neural networks introduced new problems like vanishing gradient and degradation. The recent successful contributions towards solving these problems are Residual and Highway Networks. These networks introduce skip connections that allow the information (from the input or those learned in earlier layers) to flow more into the deeper layers. These very deep models have lead to a considerable decrease in test errors, on benchmarks like ImageNet and COCO. In this paper, we propose the use of exponential linear unit instead of the combination of ReLU and Batch Normalization in Residual Networks. We show that this not only speeds up learning in Residual Networks but also improves the accuracy as the depth increases. It improves the test error on almost all data sets, like CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 

5: 
Title: Improved Residual Networks for Image and Video Recognition
Abstract:
  Residual networks (ResNets) represent a powerful type of convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture, widely adopted and used in various tasks. In this work we propose an improved version of ResNets. Our proposed improvements address all three main components of a ResNet: the flow of information through the network layers, the residual building block, and the projection shortcut. We are able to show consistent improvements in accuracy and learning convergence over the baseline. For instance, on ImageNet dataset, using the ResNet with 50 layers, for top-1 accuracy we can report a 1.19% improvement over the baseline in one setting and around 2% boost in another. Importantly, these improvements are obtained without increasing the model complexity. Our proposed approach allows us to train extremely deep networks, while the baseline shows severe optimization issues. We report results on three tasks over six datasets: image classification (ImageNet, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100), object detection (COCO) and video action recognition (Kinetics-400 and Something-Something-v2). In the deep learning era, we establish a new milestone for the depth of a CNN. We successfully train a 404-layer deep CNN on the ImageNet dataset and a 3002-layer network on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, while the baseline is not able to converge at such extreme depths. Code is available at: https://github.com/iduta/iresnet 

6: 
Title: Multi-Residual Networks: Improving the Speed and Accuracy of Residual
  Networks
Abstract:
  In this article, we take one step toward understanding the learning behavior of deep residual networks, and supporting the observation that deep residual networks behave like ensembles. We propose a new convolutional neural network architecture which builds upon the success of residual networks by explicitly exploiting the interpretation of very deep networks as an ensemble. The proposed multi-residual network increases the number of residual functions in the residual blocks. Our architecture generates models that are wider, rather than deeper, which significantly improves accuracy. We show that our model achieves an error rate of 3.73% and 19.45% on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 respectively, that outperforms almost all of the existing models. We also demonstrate that our model outperforms very deep residual networks by 0.22% (top-1 error) on the full ImageNet 2012 classification dataset. Additionally, inspired by the parallel structure of multi-residual networks, a model parallelism technique has been investigated. The model parallelism method distributes the computation of residual blocks among the processors, yielding up to 15% computational complexity improvement. 

7: 
Title: Inception-v4, Inception-ResNet and the Impact of Residual Connections on
  Learning
Abstract:
  Very deep convolutional networks have been central to the largest advances in image recognition performance in recent years. One example is the Inception architecture that has been shown to achieve very good performance at relatively low computational cost. Recently, the introduction of residual connections in conjunction with a more traditional architecture has yielded state-of-the-art performance in the 2015 ILSVRC challenge; its performance was similar to the latest generation Inception-v3 network. This raises the question of whether there are any benefit in combining the Inception architecture with residual connections. Here we give clear empirical evidence that training with residual connections accelerates the training of Inception networks significantly. There is also some evidence of residual Inception networks outperforming similarly expensive Inception networks without residual connections by a thin margin. We also present several new streamlined architectures for both residual and non-residual Inception networks. These variations improve the single-frame recognition performance on the ILSVRC 2012 classification task significantly. We further demonstrate how proper activation scaling stabilizes the training of very wide residual Inception networks. With an ensemble of three residual and one Inception-v4, we achieve 3.08 percent top-5 error on the test set of the ImageNet classification (CLS) challenge 

8: 
Title: Spatially Adaptive Computation Time for Residual Networks
Abstract:
  This paper proposes a deep learning architecture based on Residual Network that dynamically adjusts the number of executed layers for the regions of the image. This architecture is end-to-end trainable, deterministic and problem-agnostic. It is therefore applicable without any modifications to a wide range of computer vision problems such as image classification, object detection and image segmentation. We present experimental results showing that this model improves the computational efficiency of Residual Networks on the challenging ImageNet classification and COCO object detection datasets. Additionally, we evaluate the computation time maps on the visual saliency dataset cat2000 and find that they correlate surprisingly well with human eye fixation positions. 

9: 
Title: Residual Attention Network for Image Classification
Abstract:
  In this work, we propose "Residual Attention Network", a convolutional neural network using attention mechanism which can incorporate with state-of-art feed forward network architecture in an end-to-end training fashion. Our Residual Attention Network is built by stacking Attention Modules which generate attention-aware features. The attention-aware features from different modules change adaptively as layers going deeper. Inside each Attention Module, bottom-up top-down feedforward structure is used to unfold the feedforward and feedback attention process into a single feedforward process. Importantly, we propose attention residual learning to train very deep Residual Attention Networks which can be easily scaled up to hundreds of layers. Extensive analyses are conducted on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets to verify the effectiveness of every module mentioned above. Our Residual Attention Network achieves state-of-the-art object recognition performance on three benchmark datasets including CIFAR-10 (3.90% error), CIFAR-100 (20.45% error) and ImageNet (4.8% single model and single crop, top-5 error). Note that, our method achieves 0.6% top-1 accuracy improvement with 46% trunk depth and 69% forward FLOPs comparing to ResNet-200. The experiment also demonstrates that our network is robust against noisy labels. 

10: 
Title: Wide Residual Networks
Abstract:
  Deep residual networks were shown to be able to scale up to thousands of layers and still have improving performance. However, each fraction of a percent of improved accuracy costs nearly doubling the number of layers, and so training very deep residual networks has a problem of diminishing feature reuse, which makes these networks very slow to train. To tackle these problems, in this paper we conduct a detailed experimental study on the architecture of ResNet blocks, based on which we propose a novel architecture where we decrease depth and increase width of residual networks. We call the resulting network structures wide residual networks (WRNs) and show that these are far superior over their commonly used thin and very deep counterparts. For example, we demonstrate that even a simple 16-layer-deep wide residual network outperforms in accuracy and efficiency all previous deep residual networks, including thousand-layer-deep networks, achieving new state-of-the-art results on CIFAR, SVHN, COCO, and significant improvements on ImageNet. Our code and models are available at https://github.com/szagoruyko/wide-residual-networks 

