Query:
vanishing gradient

Results:
1: 
Title: Vanishing Curvature and the Power of Adaptive Methods in Randomly
  Initialized Deep Networks
Abstract:
  This paper revisits the so-called vanishing gradient phenomenon, which commonly occurs in deep randomly initialized neural networks. Leveraging an in-depth analysis of neural chains, we first show that vanishing gradients cannot be circumvented when the network width scales with less than O(depth), even when initialized with the popular Xavier and He initializations. Second, we extend the analysis to second-order derivatives and show that random i.i.d. initialization also gives rise to Hessian matrices with eigenspectra that vanish as networks grow in depth. Whenever this happens, optimizers are initialized in a very flat, saddle point-like plateau, which is particularly hard to escape with stochastic gradient descent (SGD) as its escaping time is inversely related to curvature. We believe that this observation is crucial for fully understanding (a) historical difficulties of training deep nets with vanilla SGD, (b) the success of adaptive gradient methods (which naturally adapt to curvature and thus quickly escape flat plateaus) and (c) the effectiveness of modern architectural components like residual connections and normalization layers. 

2: 
Title: Training of Deep Neural Networks based on Distance Measures using
  RMSProp
Abstract:
  The vanishing gradient problem was a major obstacle for the success of deep learning. In recent years it was gradually alleviated through multiple different techniques. However the problem was not really overcome in a fundamental way, since it is inherent to neural networks with activation functions based on dot products. In a series of papers, we are going to analyze alternative neural network structures which are not based on dot products. In this first paper, we revisit neural networks built up of layers based on distance measures and Gaussian activation functions. These kinds of networks were only sparsely used in the past since they are hard to train when using plain stochastic gradient descent methods. We show that by using Root Mean Square Propagation (RMSProp) it is possible to efficiently learn multi-layer neural networks. Furthermore we show that when appropriately initialized these kinds of neural networks suffer much less from the vanishing and exploding gradient problem than traditional neural networks even for deep networks. 

3: 
Title: Bidirectionally Self-Normalizing Neural Networks
Abstract:
  The problem of vanishing and exploding gradients has been a long-standing obstacle that hinders the effective training of neural networks. Despite various tricks and techniques that have been employed to alleviate the problem in practice, there still lacks satisfactory theories or provable solutions. In this paper, we address the problem from the perspective of high-dimensional probability theory. We provide a rigorous result that shows, under mild conditions, how the vanishing/exploding gradients problem disappears with high probability if the neural networks have sufficient width. Our main idea is to constrain both forward and backward signal propagation in a nonlinear neural network through a new class of activation functions, namely Gaussian-Poincar\'e normalized functions, and orthogonal weight matrices. Experiments on both synthetic and real-world data validate our theory and confirm its effectiveness on very deep neural networks when applied in practice. 

4: 
Title: h-detach: Modifying the LSTM Gradient Towards Better Optimization
Abstract:
  Recurrent neural networks are known for their notorious exploding and vanishing gradient problem (EVGP). This problem becomes more evident in tasks where the information needed to correctly solve them exist over long time scales, because EVGP prevents important gradient components from being back-propagated adequately over a large number of steps. We introduce a simple stochastic algorithm (\textit{h}-detach) that is specific to LSTM optimization and targeted towards addressing this problem. Specifically, we show that when the LSTM weights are large, the gradient components through the linear path (cell state) in the LSTM computational graph get suppressed. Based on the hypothesis that these components carry information about long term dependencies (which we show empirically), their suppression can prevent LSTMs from capturing them. Our algorithm\footnote{Our code is available at https://github.com/bhargav104/h-detach.} prevents gradients flowing through this path from getting suppressed, thus allowing the LSTM to capture such dependencies better. We show significant improvements over vanilla LSTM gradient based training in terms of convergence speed, robustness to seed and learning rate, and generalization using our modification of LSTM gradient on various benchmark datasets. 

5: 
Title: Regularization and Reparameterization Avoid Vanishing Gradients in
  Sigmoid-Type Networks
Abstract:
  Deep learning requires several design choices, such as the nodes' activation functions and the widths, types, and arrangements of the layers. One consideration when making these choices is the vanishing-gradient problem, which is the phenomenon of algorithms getting stuck at suboptimal points due to small gradients. In this paper, we revisit the vanishing-gradient problem in the context of sigmoid-type activation. We use mathematical arguments to highlight two different sources of the phenomenon, namely large individual parameters and effects across layers, and to illustrate two simple remedies, namely regularization and rescaling. We then demonstrate the effectiveness of the two remedies in practice. In view of the vanishing-gradient problem being a main reason why tanh and other sigmoid-type activation has become much less popular than relu-type activation, our results bring sigmoid-type activation back to the table. 

6: 
Title: High Order Recurrent Neural Networks for Acoustic Modelling
Abstract:
  Vanishing long-term gradients are a major issue in training standard recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which can be alleviated by long short-term memory (LSTM) models with memory cells. However, the extra parameters associated with the memory cells mean an LSTM layer has four times as many parameters as an RNN with the same hidden vector size. This paper addresses the vanishing gradient problem using a high order RNN (HORNN) which has additional connections from multiple previous time steps. Speech recognition experiments using British English multi-genre broadcast (MGB3) data showed that the proposed HORNN architectures for rectified linear unit and sigmoid activation functions reduced word error rates (WER) by 4.2% and 6.3% over the corresponding RNNs, and gave similar WERs to a (projected) LSTM while using only 20%--50% of the recurrent layer parameters and computation. 

7: 
Title: Gradient Boosts the Approximate Vanishing Ideal
Abstract:
  In the last decade, the approximate vanishing ideal and its basis construction algorithms have been extensively studied in computer algebra and machine learning as a general model to reconstruct the algebraic variety on which noisy data approximately lie. In particular, the basis construction algorithms developed in machine learning are widely used in applications across many fields because of their monomial-order-free property; however, they lose many of the theoretical properties of computer-algebraic algorithms. In this paper, we propose general methods that equip monomial-order-free algorithms with several advantageous theoretical properties. Specifically, we exploit the gradient to (i) sidestep the spurious vanishing problem in polynomial time to remove symbolically trivial redundant bases, (ii) achieve consistent output with respect to the translation and scaling of input, and (iii) remove nontrivially redundant bases. The proposed methods work in a fully numerical manner, whereas existing algorithms require the awkward monomial order or exponentially costly (and mostly symbolic) computation to realize properties (i) and (iii). To our knowledge, property (ii) has not been achieved by any existing basis construction algorithm of the approximate vanishing ideal. 

8: 
Title: Resolving learning rates adaptively by locating Stochastic Non-Negative
  Associated Gradient Projection Points using line searches
Abstract:
  Learning rates in stochastic neural network training are currently determined a priori to training, using expensive manual or automated iterative tuning. This study proposes gradient-only line searches to resolve the learning rate for neural network training algorithms. Stochastic sub-sampling during training decreases computational cost and allows the optimization algorithms to progress over local minima. However, it also results in discontinuous cost functions. Minimization line searches are not effective in this context, as they use a vanishing derivative (first order optimality condition), which often do not exist in a discontinuous cost function and therefore converge to discontinuities as opposed to minima from the data trends. Instead, we base candidate solutions along a search direction purely on gradient information, in particular by a directional derivative sign change from negative to positive (a Non-negative Associative Gradient Projection Point (NN- GPP)). Only considering a sign change from negative to positive always indicates a minimum, thus NN-GPPs contain second order information. Conversely, a vanishing gradient is purely a first order condition, which may indicate a minimum, maximum or saddle point. This insight allows the learning rate of an algorithm to be reliably resolved as the step size along a search direction, increasing convergence performance and eliminating an otherwise expensive hyperparameter. 

9: 
Title: On barren plateaus and cost function locality in variational quantum
  algorithms
Abstract:
  Variational quantum algorithms rely on gradient based optimization to iteratively minimize a cost function evaluated by measuring output(s) of a quantum processor. A barren plateau is the phenomenon of exponentially vanishing gradients in sufficiently expressive parametrized quantum circuits. It has been established that the onset of a barren plateau regime depends on the cost function, although the particular behavior has been demonstrated only for certain classes of cost functions. Here we derive a lower bound on the variance of the gradient, which depends mainly on the width of the circuit causal cone of each term in the Pauli decomposition of the cost function. Our result further clarifies the conditions under which barren plateaus can occur. 

10: 
Title: Analytical Modeling of Vanishing Points and Curves in Catadioptric
  Cameras
Abstract:
  Vanishing points and vanishing lines are classical geometrical concepts in perspective cameras that have a lineage dating back to 3 centuries. A vanishing point is a point on the image plane where parallel lines in 3D space appear to converge, whereas a vanishing line passes through 2 or more vanishing points. While such concepts are simple and intuitive in perspective cameras, their counterparts in catadioptric cameras (obtained using mirrors and lenses) are more involved. For example, lines in the 3D space map to higher degree curves in catadioptric cameras. The projection of a set of 3D parallel lines converges on a single point in perspective images, whereas they converge to more than one point in catadioptric cameras. To the best of our knowledge, we are not aware of any systematic development of analytical models for vanishing points and vanishing curves in different types of catadioptric cameras. In this paper, we derive parametric equations for vanishing points and vanishing curves using the calibration parameters, mirror shape coefficients, and direction vectors of parallel lines in 3D space. We show compelling experimental results on vanishing point estimation and absolute pose estimation for a wide range of catadioptric cameras in both simulations and real experiments. 

