Query:
unet

Results:
1: 
Title: Traffic map prediction using UNet based deep convolutional neural
  network
Abstract:
  This paper describes our UNet based deep convolutional neural network approach on the Traffic4cast challenge 2019. Challenges task is to predict future traffic flow volume, heading and speed on high resolution whole city map. We used UNet based deep convolutional neural network to train predictive model for the short term traffic forecast. On each convolution block, layers are densely connected with subsequent layers like a DenseNet. Trained and evaluated on the real world data set collected from three distinct cities in the world, our method achieved best performance in this challenge. 

2: 
Title: UNet++: A Nested U-Net Architecture for Medical Image Segmentation
Abstract:
  In this paper, we present UNet++, a new, more powerful architecture for medical image segmentation. Our architecture is essentially a deeply-supervised encoder-decoder network where the encoder and decoder sub-networks are connected through a series of nested, dense skip pathways. The re-designed skip pathways aim at reducing the semantic gap between the feature maps of the encoder and decoder sub-networks. We argue that the optimizer would deal with an easier learning task when the feature maps from the decoder and encoder networks are semantically similar. We have evaluated UNet++ in comparison with U-Net and wide U-Net architectures across multiple medical image segmentation tasks: nodule segmentation in the low-dose CT scans of chest, nuclei segmentation in the microscopy images, liver segmentation in abdominal CT scans, and polyp segmentation in colonoscopy videos. Our experiments demonstrate that UNet++ with deep supervision achieves an average IoU gain of 3.9 and 3.4 points over U-Net and wide U-Net, respectively. 

3: 
Title: Context Aware 3D UNet for Brain Tumor Segmentation
Abstract:
  Deep convolutional neural network (CNN) achieves remarkable performance for medical image analysis. UNet is the primary source in the performance of 3D CNN architectures for medical imaging tasks, including brain tumor segmentation. The skip connection in the UNet architecture concatenates features from both encoder and decoder paths to extract multi-contextual information from image data. The multi-scaled features play an essential role in brain tumor segmentation. However, the limited use of features can degrade the performance of the UNet approach for segmentation. In this paper, we propose a modified UNet architecture for brain tumor segmentation. In the proposed architecture, we used densely connected blocks in both encoder and decoder paths to extract multi-contextual information from the concept of feature reusability. In addition, residual-inception blocks (RIB) are used to extract the local and global information by merging features of different kernel sizes. We validate the proposed architecture on the multi-modal brain tumor segmentation challenge (BRATS) 2020 testing dataset. The dice (DSC) scores of the whole tumor (WT), tumor core (TC), and enhancing tumor (ET) are 89.12%, 84.74%, and 79.12%, respectively. 

4: 
Title: End-to-End Deep Learning of Lane Detection and Path Prediction for
  Real-Time Autonomous Driving
Abstract:
  Inspired by the UNet architecture of semantic image segmentation, we propose a lightweight UNet using depthwise separable convolutions (DSUNet) for end-to-end learning of lane detection and path prediction (PP) in autonomous driving. We also design and integrate a PP algorithm with convolutional neural network (CNN) to form a simulation model (CNN-PP) that can be used to assess CNN's performance qualitatively, quantitatively, and dynamically in a host agent car driving along with other agents all in a real-time autonomous manner. DSUNet is 5.16x lighter in model size and 1.61x faster in inference than UNet. DSUNet-PP outperforms UNet-PP in mean average errors of predicted curvature and lateral offset for path planning in dynamic simulation. DSUNet-PP outperforms a modified UNet in lateral error, which is tested in a real car on real road. These results show that DSUNet is efficient and effective for lane detection and path prediction in autonomous driving. 

5: 
Title: Utilizing UNet for the future traffic map prediction task Traffic4cast
  challenge 2020
Abstract:
  This paper describes our UNet based experiments on the Traffic4cast challenge 2020. Similar to the Traffic4cast challenge 2019, the task is to predict traffic flow volume, direction and speed on a high resolution map of three large cities worldwide. We mainly experimented with UNet based deep convolutional networks with various compositions of densely connected convolution layers, average pooling layers and max pooling layers. Three base UNet model types are tried and predictions are combined by averaging prediction scores or taking median value. Our method achieved best performance in this years newly built challenge dataset. 

6: 
Title: ClamNet: Using contrastive learning with variable depth Unets for
  medical image segmentation
Abstract:
  Unets have become the standard method for semantic segmentation of medical images, along with fully convolutional networks (FCN). Unet++ was introduced as a variant of Unet, in order to solve some of the problems facing Unet and FCNs. Unet++ provided networks with an ensemble of variable depth Unets, hence eliminating the need for professionals estimating the best suitable depth for a task. While Unet and all its variants, including Unet++ aimed at providing networks that were able to train well without requiring large quantities of annotated data, none of them attempted to eliminate the need for pixel-wise annotated data altogether. Obtaining such data for each disease to be diagnosed comes at a high cost. Hence such data is scarce. In this paper we use contrastive learning to train Unet++ for semantic segmentation of medical images using medical images from various sources including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computed tomography (CT), without the need for pixel-wise annotations. Here we describe the architecture of the proposed model and the training method used. This is still a work in progress and so we abstain from including results in this paper. The results and the trained model would be made available upon publication or in subsequent versions of this paper on arxiv. 

7: 
Title: A method for detecting text of arbitrary shapes in natural scenes that
  improves text spotting
Abstract:
  Understanding the meaning of text in images of natural scenes like highway signs or store front emblems is particularly challenging if the text is foreshortened in the image or the letters are artistically distorted. We introduce a pipeline-based text spotting framework that can both detect and recognize text in various fonts, shapes, and orientations in natural scene images with complicated backgrounds. The main contribution of our work is the text detection component, which we call UHT, short for UNet, Heatmap, and Textfill. UHT uses a UNet to compute heatmaps for candidate text regions and a textfill algorithm to produce tight polygonal boundaries around each word in the candidate text. Our method trains the UNet with groundtruth heatmaps that we obtain from text bounding polygons provided by groundtruth annotations. Our text spotting framework, called UHTA, combines UHT with the state-of-the-art text recognition system ASTER. Experiments on four challenging and public scene-text-detection datasets (Total-Text, SCUT-CTW1500, MSRA-TD500, and COCO-Text) show the effectiveness and generalization ability of UHT in detecting not only multilingual (potentially rotated) straight but also curved text in scripts of multiple languages. Our experimental results of UHTA on the Total-Text dataset show that UHTA outperforms four state-of-the-art text spotting frameworks by at least 9.1 percent points in the F-measure, which suggests that UHTA may be used as a complete text detection and recognition system in real applications. 

8: 
Title: The Domain Shift Problem of Medical Image Segmentation and
  Vendor-Adaptation by Unet-GAN
Abstract:
  Convolutional neural network (CNN), in particular the Unet, is a powerful method for medical image segmentation. To date Unet has demonstrated state-of-art performance in many complex medical image segmentation tasks, especially under the condition when the training and testing data share the same distribution (i.e. come from the same source domain). However, in clinical practice, medical images are acquired from different vendors and centers. The performance of a U-Net trained from a particular source domain, when transferred to a different target domain (e.g. different vendor, acquisition parameter), can drop unexpectedly. Collecting a large amount of annotation from each new domain to retrain the U-Net is expensive, tedious, and practically impossible. In this work, we proposed a generic framework to address this problem, consisting of (1) an unpaired generative adversarial network (GAN) for vendor-adaptation, and (2) a Unet for object segmentation. In the proposed Unet-GAN architecture, GAN learns from Unet at the feature level that is segmentation-specific. We used cardiac cine MRI as the example, with three major vendors (Philips, Siemens, and GE) as three domains, while the methodology can be extended to medical images segmentation in general. The proposed method showed significant improvement of the segmentation results across vendors. The proposed Unet-GAN provides an annotation-free solution to the cross-vendor medical image segmentation problem, potentially extending a trained deep learning model to multi-center and multi-vendor use in real clinical scenario. 

9: 
Title: Transformer-Unet: Raw Image Processing with Unet
Abstract:
  Medical image segmentation have drawn massive attention as it is important in biomedical image analysis. Good segmentation results can assist doctors with their judgement and further improve patients' experience. Among many available pipelines in medical image analysis, Unet is one of the most popular neural networks as it keeps raw features by adding concatenation between encoder and decoder, which makes it still widely used in industrial field. In the mean time, as a popular model which dominates natural language process tasks, transformer is now introduced to computer vision tasks and have seen promising results in object detection, image classification and semantic segmentation tasks. Therefore, the combination of transformer and Unet is supposed to be more efficient than both methods working individually. In this article, we propose Transformer-Unet by adding transformer modules in raw images instead of feature maps in Unet and test our network in CT82 datasets for Pancreas segmentation accordingly. We form an end-to-end network and gain segmentation results better than many previous Unet based algorithms in our experiment. We demonstrate our network and show our experimental results in this paper accordingly. 

10: 
Title: UNet Architectures in Multiplanar Volumetric Segmentation -- Validated
  on Three Knee MRI Cohorts
Abstract:
  UNet has become the gold standard method for segmenting 2D medical images that any new method must be validated against. However, in recent years, several variations of the seminal UNet have been proposed with promising results. However, there is no clear consensus on the generalisability of these architectures, and UNet currently remains the methodological gold standard. The purpose of this study was to evaluate some of the most promising UNet-inspired architectures for 3D segmentation. For the segmentation of 3D scans, UNet-inspired methods are also dominant, but there is a larger variety across applications. By evaluating the architectures in a different dimensionality, embedded in a different method, and for a different task, we aimed to evaluate if any of these UNet-alternatives are promising as a new gold standard that generalizes even better than UNet. Specifically, we investigated the architectures as the central 2D segmentation core in the Multi-Planar Unet 3D segmentation method that previously demonstrated excellent generalization in the MICCAI Segmentation Decathlon. Generalisability can be demonstrated if a promising UNet-variant consistently outperforms UNet in this setting. For this purpose, we evaluated four architectures for cartilage segmentation from three different cohorts with knee MRIs. 

