Query:
reinforcement learning

Results:
1: 
Title: Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning: A Report on Challenges and
  Approaches
Abstract:
  Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a learning paradigm concerned with learning to control a system so as to maximize an objective over the long term. This approach to learning has received immense interest in recent times and success manifests itself in the form of human-level performance on games like \textit{Go}. While RL is emerging as a practical component in real-life systems, most successes have been in Single Agent domains. This report will instead specifically focus on challenges that are unique to Multi-Agent Systems interacting in mixed cooperative and competitive environments. The report concludes with advances in the paradigm of training Multi-Agent Systems called \textit{Decentralized Actor, Centralized Critic}, based on an extension of MDPs called \textit{Decentralized Partially Observable MDP}s, which has seen a renewed interest lately. 

2: 
Title: Reinforcement Learning in R
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning refers to a group of methods from artificial intelligence where an agent performs learning through trial and error. It differs from supervised learning, since reinforcement learning requires no explicit labels; instead, the agent interacts continuously with its environment. That is, the agent starts in a specific state and then performs an action, based on which it transitions to a new state and, depending on the outcome, receives a reward. Different strategies (e.g. Q-learning) have been proposed to maximize the overall reward, resulting in a so-called policy, which defines the best possible action in each state. Mathematically, this process can be formalized by a Markov decision process and it has been implemented by packages in R; however, there is currently no package available for reinforcement learning. As a remedy, this paper demonstrates how to perform reinforcement learning in R and, for this purpose, introduces the ReinforcementLearning package. The package provides a remarkably flexible framework and is easily applied to a wide range of different problems. We demonstrate its use by drawing upon common examples from the literature (e.g. finding optimal game strategies). 

3: 
Title: A Survey on Reinforcement Learning Methods in Character Animation
Abstract:
  Reinforcement Learning is an area of Machine Learning focused on how agents can be trained to make sequential decisions, and achieve a particular goal within an arbitrary environment. While learning, they repeatedly take actions based on their observation of the environment, and receive appropriate rewards which define the objective. This experience is then used to progressively improve the policy controlling the agent's behavior, typically represented by a neural network. This trained module can then be reused for similar problems, which makes this approach promising for the animation of autonomous, yet reactive characters in simulators, video games or virtual reality environments. This paper surveys the modern Deep Reinforcement Learning methods and discusses their possible applications in Character Animation, from skeletal control of a single, physically-based character to navigation controllers for individual agents and virtual crowds. It also describes the practical side of training DRL systems, comparing the different frameworks available to build such agents. 

4: 
Title: A Real-Time Model-Based Reinforcement Learning Architecture for Robot
  Control
Abstract:
  Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a method for learning decision-making tasks that could enable robots to learn and adapt to their situation on-line. For an RL algorithm to be practical for robotic control tasks, it must learn in very few actions, while continually taking those actions in real-time. Existing model-based RL methods learn in relatively few actions, but typically take too much time between each action for practical on-line learning. In this paper, we present a novel parallel architecture for model-based RL that runs in real-time by 1) taking advantage of sample-based approximate planning methods and 2) parallelizing the acting, model learning, and planning processes such that the acting process is sufficiently fast for typical robot control cycles. We demonstrate that algorithms using this architecture perform nearly as well as methods using the typical sequential architecture when both are given unlimited time, and greatly out-perform these methods on tasks that require real-time actions such as controlling an autonomous vehicle. 

5: 
Title: Reinforcement Learning
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a general framework for adaptive control, which has proven to be efficient in many domains, e.g., board games, video games or autonomous vehicles. In such problems, an agent faces a sequential decision-making problem where, at every time step, it observes its state, performs an action, receives a reward and moves to a new state. An RL agent learns by trial and error a good policy (or controller) based on observations and numeric reward feedback on the previously performed action. In this chapter, we present the basic framework of RL and recall the two main families of approaches that have been developed to learn a good policy. The first one, which is value-based, consists in estimating the value of an optimal policy, value from which a policy can be recovered, while the other, called policy search, directly works in a policy space. Actor-critic methods can be seen as a policy search technique where the policy value that is learned guides the policy improvement. Besides, we give an overview of some extensions of the standard RL framework, notably when risk-averse behavior needs to be taken into account or when rewards are not available or not known. 

6: 
Title: Explaining Agent's Decision-making in a Hierarchical Reinforcement
  Learning Scenario
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning is a machine learning approach based on behavioral psychology. It is focused on learning agents that can acquire knowledge and learn to carry out new tasks by interacting with the environment. However, a problem occurs when reinforcement learning is used in critical contexts where the users of the system need to have more information and reliability for the actions executed by an agent. In this regard, explainable reinforcement learning seeks to provide to an agent in training with methods in order to explain its behavior in such a way that users with no experience in machine learning could understand the agent's behavior. One of these is the memory-based explainable reinforcement learning method that is used to compute probabilities of success for each state-action pair using an episodic memory. In this work, we propose to make use of the memory-based explainable reinforcement learning method in a hierarchical environment composed of sub-tasks that need to be first addressed to solve a more complex task. The end goal is to verify if it is possible to provide to the agent the ability to explain its actions in the global task as well as in the sub-tasks. The results obtained showed that it is possible to use the memory-based method in hierarchical environments with high-level tasks and compute the probabilities of success to be used as a basis for explaining the agent's behavior. 

7: 
Title: Teacher-student curriculum learning for reinforcement learning
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning (rl) is a popular paradigm for sequential decision making problems. The past decade's advances in rl have led to breakthroughs in many challenging domains such as video games, board games, robotics, and chip design. The sample inefficiency of deep reinforcement learning methods is a significant obstacle when applying rl to real-world problems. Transfer learning has been applied to reinforcement learning such that the knowledge gained in one task can be applied when training in a new task. Curriculum learning is concerned with sequencing tasks or data samples such that knowledge can be transferred between those tasks to learn a target task that would otherwise be too difficult to solve. Designing a curriculum that improves sample efficiency is a complex problem. In this thesis, we propose a teacher-student curriculum learning setting where we simultaneously train a teacher that selects tasks for the student while the student learns how to solve the selected task. Our method is independent of human domain knowledge and manual curriculum design. We evaluated our methods on two reinforcement learning benchmarks: grid world and the challenging Google Football environment. With our method, we can improve the sample efficiency and generality of the student compared to tabula-rasa reinforcement learning. 

8: 
Title: Reinforcement Learning for Hardware Security: Opportunities,
  Developments, and Challenges
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a machine learning paradigm where an autonomous agent learns to make an optimal sequence of decisions by interacting with the underlying environment. The promise demonstrated by RL-guided workflows in unraveling electronic design automation problems has encouraged hardware security researchers to utilize autonomous RL agents in solving domain-specific problems. From the perspective of hardware security, such autonomous agents are appealing as they can generate optimal actions in an unknown adversarial environment. On the other hand, the continued globalization of the integrated circuit supply chain has forced chip fabrication to off-shore, untrustworthy entities, leading to increased concerns about the security of the hardware. Furthermore, the unknown adversarial environment and increasing design complexity make it challenging for defenders to detect subtle modifications made by attackers (a.k.a. hardware Trojans). In this brief, we outline the development of RL agents in detecting hardware Trojans, one of the most challenging hardware security problems. Additionally, we outline potential opportunities and enlist the challenges of applying RL to solve hardware security problems. 

9: 
Title: Value Enhancement of Reinforcement Learning via Efficient and Robust
  Trust Region Optimization
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a powerful machine learning technique that enables an intelligent agent to learn an optimal policy that maximizes the cumulative rewards in sequential decision making. Most of methods in the existing literature are developed in \textit{online} settings where the data are easy to collect or simulate. Motivated by high stake domains such as mobile health studies with limited and pre-collected data, in this paper, we study \textit{offline} reinforcement learning methods. To efficiently use these datasets for policy optimization, we propose a novel value enhancement method to improve the performance of a given initial policy computed by existing state-of-the-art RL algorithms. Specifically, when the initial policy is not consistent, our method will output a policy whose value is no worse and often better than that of the initial policy. When the initial policy is consistent, under some mild conditions, our method will yield a policy whose value converges to the optimal one at a faster rate than the initial policy, achieving the desired ``value enhancement" property. The proposed method is generally applicable to any parametrized policy that belongs to certain pre-specified function class (e.g., deep neural networks). Extensive numerical studies are conducted to demonstrate the superior performance of our method. 

10: 
Title: Curriculum Learning for Reinforcement Learning Domains: A Framework and
  Survey
Abstract:
  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a popular paradigm for addressing sequential decision tasks in which the agent has only limited environmental feedback. Despite many advances over the past three decades, learning in many domains still requires a large amount of interaction with the environment, which can be prohibitively expensive in realistic scenarios. To address this problem, transfer learning has been applied to reinforcement learning such that experience gained in one task can be leveraged when starting to learn the next, harder task. More recently, several lines of research have explored how tasks, or data samples themselves, can be sequenced into a curriculum for the purpose of learning a problem that may otherwise be too difficult to learn from scratch. In this article, we present a framework for curriculum learning (CL) in reinforcement learning, and use it to survey and classify existing CL methods in terms of their assumptions, capabilities, and goals. Finally, we use our framework to find open problems and suggest directions for future RL curriculum learning research. 

