Query:
kernel augmentation for computed tomography

Results:
1: 
Title: Lesion Conditional Image Generation for Improved Segmentation of
  Intracranial Hemorrhage from CT Images
Abstract:
  Data augmentation can effectively resolve a scarcity of images when training machine-learning algorithms. It can make them more robust to unseen images. We present a lesion conditional Generative Adversarial Network LcGAN to generate synthetic Computed Tomography (CT) images for data augmentation. A lesion conditional image (segmented mask) is an input to both the generator and the discriminator of the LcGAN during training. The trained model generates contextual CT images based on input masks. We quantify the quality of the images by using a fully convolutional network (FCN) score and blurriness. We also train another classification network to select better synthetic images. These synthetic CT images are then augmented to our hemorrhagic lesion segmentation network. By applying this augmentation method on 2.5%, 10% and 25% of original data, segmentation improved by 12.8%, 6% and 1.6% respectively. 

2: 
Title: Anatomical Data Augmentation For CNN based Pixel-wise Classification
Abstract:
  In this work we propose a method for anatomical data augmentation that is based on using slices of computed tomography (CT) examinations that are adjacent to labeled slices as another resource of labeled data for training the network. The extended labeled data is used to train a U-net network for a pixel-wise classification into different hepatic lesions and normal liver tissues. Our dataset contains CT examinations from 140 patients with 333 CT images annotated by an expert radiologist. We tested our approach and compared it to the conventional training process. Results indicate superiority of our method. Using the anatomical data augmentation we achieved an improvement of 3% in the success rate, 5% in the classification accuracy, and 4% in Dice. 

3: 
Title: Zero-Shot Domain Adaptation in CT Segmentation by Filtered Back
  Projection Augmentation
Abstract:
  Domain shift is one of the most salient challenges in medical computer vision. Due to immense variability in scanners' parameters and imaging protocols, even images obtained from the same person and the same scanner could differ significantly. We address variability in computed tomography (CT) images caused by different convolution kernels used in the reconstruction process, the critical domain shift factor in CT. The choice of a convolution kernel affects pixels' granularity, image smoothness, and noise level. We analyze a dataset of paired CT images, where smooth and sharp images were reconstructed from the same sinograms with different kernels, thus providing identical anatomy but different style. Though identical predictions are desired, we show that the consistency, measured as the average Dice between predictions on pairs, is just 0.54. We propose Filtered Back-Projection Augmentation (FBPAug), a simple and surprisingly efficient approach to augment CT images in sinogram space emulating reconstruction with different kernels. We apply the proposed method in a zero-shot domain adaptation setup and show that the consistency boosts from 0.54 to 0.92 outperforming other augmentation approaches. Neither specific preparation of source domain data nor target domain data is required, so our publicly released FBPAug can be used as a plug-and-play module for zero-shot domain adaptation in any CT-based task. 

4: 
Title: Continuous Conversion of CT Kernel using Switchable CycleGAN with AdaIN
Abstract:
  X-ray computed tomography (CT) uses different filter kernels to highlight different structures. Since the raw sinogram data is usually removed after the reconstruction, in case there are additional need for other types of kernel images that were not previously generated, the patient may need to be scanned again. Accordingly, there exists increasing demand for post-hoc image domain conversion from one kernel to another without sacrificing the image quality. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised continuous kernel conversion method using cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (cycleGAN) with adaptive instance normalization (AdaIN). Even without paired training data, not only can our network translate the images between two different kernels, but it can also convert images along the interpolation path between the two kernel domains. We also show that the quality of generated images can be further improved if intermediate kernel domain images are available. Experimental results confirm that our method not only enables accurate kernel conversion that is comparable to supervised learning methods, but also generates intermediate kernel images in the unseen domain that are useful for hypopharyngeal cancer diagnosis. 

5: 
Title: DuDoNet: Dual Domain Network for CT Metal Artifact Reduction
Abstract:
  Computed tomography (CT) is an imaging modality widely used for medical diagnosis and treatment. CT images are often corrupted by undesirable artifacts when metallic implants are carried by patients, which creates the problem of metal artifact reduction (MAR). Existing methods for reducing the artifacts due to metallic implants are inadequate for two main reasons. First, metal artifacts are structured and non-local so that simple image domain enhancement approaches would not suffice. Second, the MAR approaches which attempt to reduce metal artifacts in the X-ray projection (sinogram) domain inevitably lead to severe secondary artifact due to sinogram inconsistency. To overcome these difficulties, we propose an end-to-end trainable Dual Domain Network (DuDoNet) to simultaneously restore sinogram consistency and enhance CT images. The linkage between the sigogram and image domains is a novel Radon inversion layer that allows the gradients to back-propagate from the image domain to the sinogram domain during training. Extensive experiments show that our method achieves significant improvements over other single domain MAR approaches. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first end-to-end dual-domain network for MAR. 

6: 
Title: Synthetic Data Augmentation using GAN for Improved Liver Lesion
  Classification
Abstract:
  In this paper, we present a data augmentation method that generates synthetic medical images using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We propose a training scheme that first uses classical data augmentation to enlarge the training set and then further enlarges the data size and its diversity by applying GAN techniques for synthetic data augmentation. Our method is demonstrated on a limited dataset of computed tomography (CT) images of 182 liver lesions (53 cysts, 64 metastases and 65 hemangiomas). The classification performance using only classic data augmentation yielded 78.6% sensitivity and 88.4% specificity. By adding the synthetic data augmentation the results significantly increased to 85.7% sensitivity and 92.4% specificity. 

7: 
Title: Capturing Variabilities from Computed Tomography Images with Generative
  Adversarial Networks
Abstract:
  With the advent of Deep Learning (DL) techniques, especially Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), data augmentation and generation are quickly evolving domains that have raised much interest recently. However, the DL techniques are data demanding and since, medical data is not easily accessible, they suffer from data insufficiency. To deal with this limitation, different data augmentation techniques are used. Here, we propose a novel unsupervised data-driven approach for data augmentation that can generate 2D Computed Tomography (CT) images using a simple GAN. The generated CT images have good global and local features of a real CT image and can be used to augment the training datasets for effective learning. In this proof-of-concept study, we show that our proposed solution using GANs is able to capture some of the global and local CT variabilities. Our network is able to generate visually realistic CT images and we aim to further enhance its output by scaling it to a higher resolution and potentially from 2D to 3D. 

8: 
Title: Neural KEM: A Kernel Method with Deep Coefficient Prior for PET Image
  Reconstruction
Abstract:
  Image reconstruction of low-count positron emission tomography (PET) data is challenging. Kernel methods address the challenge by incorporating image prior information in the forward model of iterative PET image reconstruction. The kernelized expectation-maximization (KEM) algorithm has been developed and demonstrated to be effective and easy to implement. A common approach for a further improvement of the kernel method would be adding an explicit regularization, which however leads to a complex optimization problem. In this paper, we propose an implicit regularization for the kernel method by using a deep coefficient prior, which represents the kernel coefficient image in the PET forward model using a convolutional neural-network. To solve the maximum-likelihood neural network-based reconstruction problem, we apply the principle of optimization transfer to derive a neural KEM algorithm. Each iteration of the algorithm consists of two separate steps: a KEM step for image update from the projection data and a deep-learning step in the image domain for updating the kernel coefficient image using the neural network. This optimization algorithm is guaranteed to monotonically increase the data likelihood. The results from computer simulations and real patient data have demonstrated that the neural KEM can outperform existing KEM and deep image prior methods. 

9: 
Title: STAN-CT: Standardizing CT Image using Generative Adversarial Network
Abstract:
  Computed tomography (CT) plays an important role in lung malignancy diagnostics and therapy assessment and facilitating precision medicine delivery. However, the use of personalized imaging protocols poses a challenge in large-scale cross-center CT image radiomic studies. We present an end-to-end solution called STAN-CT for CT image standardization and normalization, which effectively reduces discrepancies in image features caused by using different imaging protocols or using different CT scanners with the same imaging protocol. STAN-CT consists of two components: 1) a novel Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) model that is capable of effectively learning the data distribution of a standard imaging protocol with only a few rounds of generator training, and 2) an automatic DICOM reconstruction pipeline with systematic image quality control that ensure the generation of high-quality standard DICOM images. Experimental results indicate that the training efficiency and model performance of STAN-CT have been significantly improved compared to the state-of-the-art CT image standardization and normalization algorithms. 

10: 
Title: Extreme Augmentation : Can deep learning based medical image
  segmentation be trained using a single manually delineated scan?
Abstract:
  Yes, it can. Data augmentation is perhaps the oldest preprocessing step in computer vision literature. Almost every computer vision model trained on imaging data uses some form of augmentation. In this paper, we use the inter-vertebral disk segmentation task alongside a deep residual U-Net as the learning model, to explore the effectiveness of augmentation. In the extreme, we observed that a model trained on patches extracted from just one scan, with each patch augmented 50 times; achieved a Dice score of 0.73 in a validation set of 40 cases. Qualitative evaluation indicated a clinically usable segmentation algorithm, which appropriately segments regions of interest, alongside limited false positive specks. When the initial patches are extracted from nine scans the average Dice coefficient jumps to 0.86 and most of the false positives disappear. While this still falls short of state-of-the-art deep learning based segmentation of discs reported in literature, qualitative examination reveals that it does yield segmentation, which can be amended by expert clinicians with minimal effort to generate additional data for training improved deep models. Extreme augmentation of training data, should thus be construed as a strategy for training deep learning based algorithms, when very little manually annotated data is available to work with. Models trained with extreme augmentation can then be used to accelerate the generation of manually labelled data. Hence, we show that extreme augmentation can be a valuable tool in addressing scaling up small imaging data sets to address medical image segmentation tasks. 

