Query:
how to generate a picture with ai

Results:
1: 
Title: Text to artistic image generation
Abstract:
  Painting is one of the ways for people to express their ideas, but what if people with disabilities in hands want to paint? To tackle this challenge, we create an end-to-end solution that can generate artistic images from text descriptions. However, due to the lack of datasets with paired text description and artistic images, it is hard to directly train an algorithm which can create art based on text input. To address this issue, we split our task into three steps: (1) Generate a realistic image from a text description by using Dynamic Memory Generative Adversarial Network (arXiv:1904.01310), (2) Classify the image as a genre that exists in the WikiArt dataset using Resnet (arXiv: 1512.03385), (3) Select a style that is compatible with the genre and transfer it to the generated image by using neural artistic stylization network (arXiv:1705.06830). 

2: 
Title: FuseDream: Training-Free Text-to-Image Generation with Improved CLIP+GAN
  Space Optimization
Abstract:
  Generating images from natural language instructions is an intriguing yet highly challenging task. We approach text-to-image generation by combining the power of the retrained CLIP representation with an off-the-shelf image generator (GANs), optimizing in the latent space of GAN to find images that achieve maximum CLIP score with the given input text. Compared to traditional methods that train generative models from text to image starting from scratch, the CLIP+GAN approach is training-free, zero shot and can be easily customized with different generators.   However, optimizing CLIP score in the GAN space casts a highly challenging optimization problem and off-the-shelf optimizers such as Adam fail to yield satisfying results. In this work, we propose a FuseDream pipeline, which improves the CLIP+GAN approach with three key techniques: 1) an AugCLIP score which robustifies the CLIP objective by introducing random augmentation on image. 2) a novel initialization and over-parameterization strategy for optimization which allows us to efficiently navigate the non-convex landscape in GAN space. 3) a composed generation technique which, by leveraging a novel bi-level optimization formulation, can compose multiple images to extend the GAN space and overcome the data-bias.   When promoted by different input text, FuseDream can generate high-quality images with varying objects, backgrounds, artistic styles, even novel counterfactual concepts that do not appear in the training data of the GAN we use. Quantitatively, the images generated by FuseDream yield top-level Inception score and FID score on MS COCO dataset, without additional architecture design or training. Our code is publicly available at \url{https://github.com/gnobitab/FuseDream}. 

3: 
Title: Show and Tell: Lessons learned from the 2015 MSCOCO Image Captioning
  Challenge
Abstract:
  Automatically describing the content of an image is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence that connects computer vision and natural language processing. In this paper, we present a generative model based on a deep recurrent architecture that combines recent advances in computer vision and machine translation and that can be used to generate natural sentences describing an image. The model is trained to maximize the likelihood of the target description sentence given the training image. Experiments on several datasets show the accuracy of the model and the fluency of the language it learns solely from image descriptions. Our model is often quite accurate, which we verify both qualitatively and quantitatively. Finally, given the recent surge of interest in this task, a competition was organized in 2015 using the newly released COCO dataset. We describe and analyze the various improvements we applied to our own baseline and show the resulting performance in the competition, which we won ex-aequo with a team from Microsoft Research, and provide an open source implementation in TensorFlow. 

4: 
Title: Leveraging Visual Question Answering to Improve Text-to-Image Synthesis
Abstract:
  Generating images from textual descriptions has recently attracted a lot of interest. While current models can generate photo-realistic images of individual objects such as birds and human faces, synthesising images with multiple objects is still very difficult. In this paper, we propose an effective way to combine Text-to-Image (T2I) synthesis with Visual Question Answering (VQA) to improve the image quality and image-text alignment of generated images by leveraging the VQA 2.0 dataset. We create additional training samples by concatenating question and answer (QA) pairs and employ a standard VQA model to provide the T2I model with an auxiliary learning signal. We encourage images generated from QA pairs to look realistic and additionally minimize an external VQA loss. Our method lowers the FID from 27.84 to 25.38 and increases the R-prec. from 83.82% to 84.79% when compared to the baseline, which indicates that T2I synthesis can successfully be improved using a standard VQA model. 

5: 
Title: Artificial Intelligence Generated Coins for Size Comparison
Abstract:
  Authors of scientific articles use coins in photographs as a size reference for objects. For this purpose, coins are placed next to objects when taking the photo. In this letter we propose a novel method that uses artificial intelligence (AI) generated images of coins to provide a size reference in photos. The newest generation is able to quickly generate realistic high-quality images from textual descriptions. With the proposed method no physical coin is required while taking photos. Coins can be added to photos that contain none. Furthermore, we show how the coin motif can be matched to the object. 

6: 
Title: Generate Image Descriptions based on Deep RNN and Memory Cells for
  Images Features
Abstract:
  Generating natural language descriptions for images is a challenging task. The traditional way is to use the convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract image features, followed by recurrent neural network (RNN) to generate sentences. In this paper, we present a new model that added memory cells to gate the feeding of image features to the deep neural network. The intuition is enabling our model to memorize how much information from images should be fed at each stage of the RNN. Experiments on Flickr8K and Flickr30K datasets showed that our model outperforms other state-of-the-art models with higher BLEU scores. 

7: 
Title: A Picture is Worth a Thousand Words: A Unified System for Diverse
  Captions and Rich Images Generation
Abstract:
  A creative image-and-text generative AI system mimics humans' extraordinary abilities to provide users with diverse and comprehensive caption suggestions, as well as rich image creations. In this work, we demonstrate such an AI creation system to produce both diverse captions and rich images. When users imagine an image and associate it with multiple captions, our system paints a rich image to reflect all captions faithfully. Likewise, when users upload an image, our system depicts it with multiple diverse captions. We propose a unified multi-modal framework to achieve this goal. Specifically, our framework jointly models image-and-text representations with a Transformer network, which supports rich image creation by accepting multiple captions as input. We consider the relations among input captions to encourage diversity in training and adopt a non-autoregressive decoding strategy to enable real-time inference. Based on these, our system supports both diverse captions and rich images generations. Our code is available online. 

8: 
Title: Show and Tell: A Neural Image Caption Generator
Abstract:
  Automatically describing the content of an image is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence that connects computer vision and natural language processing. In this paper, we present a generative model based on a deep recurrent architecture that combines recent advances in computer vision and machine translation and that can be used to generate natural sentences describing an image. The model is trained to maximize the likelihood of the target description sentence given the training image. Experiments on several datasets show the accuracy of the model and the fluency of the language it learns solely from image descriptions. Our model is often quite accurate, which we verify both qualitatively and quantitatively. For instance, while the current state-of-the-art BLEU-1 score (the higher the better) on the Pascal dataset is 25, our approach yields 59, to be compared to human performance around 69. We also show BLEU-1 score improvements on Flickr30k, from 56 to 66, and on SBU, from 19 to 28. Lastly, on the newly released COCO dataset, we achieve a BLEU-4 of 27.7, which is the current state-of-the-art. 

9: 
Title: Unveiling the Dreams of Word Embeddings: Towards Language-Driven Image
  Generation
Abstract:
  We introduce language-driven image generation, the task of generating an image visualizing the semantic contents of a word embedding, e.g., given the word embedding of grasshopper, we generate a natural image of a grasshopper. We implement a simple method based on two mapping functions. The first takes as input a word embedding (as produced, e.g., by the word2vec toolkit) and maps it onto a high-level visual space (e.g., the space defined by one of the top layers of a Convolutional Neural Network). The second function maps this abstract visual representation to pixel space, in order to generate the target image. Several user studies suggest that the current system produces images that capture general visual properties of the concepts encoded in the word embedding, such as color or typical environment, and are sufficient to discriminate between general categories of objects. 

10: 
Title: Goal-driven text descriptions for images
Abstract:
  A big part of achieving Artificial General Intelligence(AGI) is to build a machine that can see and listen like humans. Much work has focused on designing models for image classification, video classification, object detection, pose estimation, speech recognition, etc., and has achieved significant progress in recent years thanks to deep learning. However, understanding the world is not enough. An AI agent also needs to know how to talk, especially how to communicate with a human. While perception (vision, for example) is more common across animal species, the use of complicated language is unique to humans and is one of the most important aspects of intelligence.   In this thesis, we focus on generating textual output given visual input. In Chapter 3, we focus on generating the referring expression, a text description for an object in the image so that a receiver can infer which object is being described. We use a comprehension machine to directly guide the generated referring expressions to be more discriminative. In Chapter 4, we introduce a method that encourages discriminability in image caption generation. We show that more discriminative captioning models generate more descriptive captions. In Chapter 5, we study how training objectives and sampling methods affect the models' ability to generate diverse captions. We find that a popular captioning training strategy will be detrimental to the diversity of generated captions. In Chapter 6, we propose a model that can control the length of generated captions. By changing the desired length, one can influence the style and descriptiveness of the captions. Finally, in Chapter 7, we rank/generate informative image tags according to their information utility. The proposed method better matches what humans think are the most important tags for the images. 

