Query:
what are the strategies for adversarial attacks on computer vision models

Results:
1: 
Title: Regularizers for Single-step Adversarial Training
Abstract:
  The progress in the last decade has enabled machine learning models to achieve impressive performance across a wide range of tasks in Computer Vision. However, a plethora of works have demonstrated the susceptibility of these models to adversarial samples. Adversarial training procedure has been proposed to defend against such adversarial attacks. Adversarial training methods augment mini-batches with adversarial samples, and typically single-step (non-iterative) methods are used for generating these adversarial samples. However, models trained using single-step adversarial training converge to degenerative minima where the model merely appears to be robust. The pseudo robustness of these models is due to the gradient masking effect. Although multi-step adversarial training helps to learn robust models, they are hard to scale due to the use of iterative methods for generating adversarial samples. To address these issues, we propose three different types of regularizers that help to learn robust models using single-step adversarial training methods. The proposed regularizers mitigate the effect of gradient masking by harnessing on properties that differentiate a robust model from that of a pseudo robust model. Performance of models trained using the proposed regularizers is on par with models trained using computationally expensive multi-step adversarial training methods. 

2: 
Title: Adversarial Machine Learning for Cybersecurity and Computer Vision:
  Current Developments and Challenges
Abstract:
  We provide a comprehensive overview of adversarial machine learning focusing on two application domains, i.e., cybersecurity and computer vision. Research in adversarial machine learning addresses a significant threat to the wide application of machine learning techniques -- they are vulnerable to carefully crafted attacks from malicious adversaries. For example, deep neural networks fail to correctly classify adversarial images, which are generated by adding imperceptible perturbations to clean images.We first discuss three main categories of attacks against machine learning techniques -- poisoning attacks, evasion attacks, and privacy attacks. Then the corresponding defense approaches are introduced along with the weakness and limitations of the existing defense approaches. We notice adversarial samples in cybersecurity and computer vision are fundamentally different. While adversarial samples in cybersecurity often have different properties/distributions compared with training data, adversarial images in computer vision are created with minor input perturbations. This further complicates the development of robust learning techniques, because a robust learning technique must withstand different types of attacks. 

3: 
Title: Defending against Whitebox Adversarial Attacks via Randomized
  Discretization
Abstract:
  Adversarial perturbations dramatically decrease the accuracy of state-of-the-art image classifiers. In this paper, we propose and analyze a simple and computationally efficient defense strategy: inject random Gaussian noise, discretize each pixel, and then feed the result into any pre-trained classifier. Theoretically, we show that our randomized discretization strategy reduces the KL divergence between original and adversarial inputs, leading to a lower bound on the classification accuracy of any classifier against any (potentially whitebox) $\ell_\infty$-bounded adversarial attack. Empirically, we evaluate our defense on adversarial examples generated by a strong iterative PGD attack. On ImageNet, our defense is more robust than adversarially-trained networks and the winning defenses of the NIPS 2017 Adversarial Attacks & Defenses competition. 

4: 
Title: A Black-Box Attack on Optical Character Recognition Systems
Abstract:
  Adversarial machine learning is an emerging area showing the vulnerability of deep learning models. Exploring attack methods to challenge state of the art artificial intelligence (A.I.) models is an area of critical concern. The reliability and robustness of such A.I. models are one of the major concerns with an increasing number of effective adversarial attack methods. Classification tasks are a major vulnerable area for adversarial attacks. The majority of attack strategies are developed for colored or gray-scaled images. Consequently, adversarial attacks on binary image recognition systems have not been sufficiently studied. Binary images are simple two possible pixel-valued signals with a single channel. The simplicity of binary images has a significant advantage compared to colored and gray scaled images, namely computation efficiency. Moreover, most optical character recognition systems (O.C.R.s), such as handwritten character recognition, plate number identification, and bank check recognition systems, use binary images or binarization in their processing steps. In this paper, we propose a simple yet efficient attack method, Efficient Combinatorial Black-box Adversarial Attack, on binary image classifiers. We validate the efficiency of the attack technique on two different data sets and three classification networks, demonstrating its performance. Furthermore, we compare our proposed method with state-of-the-art methods regarding advantages and disadvantages as well as applicability. 

5: 
Title: Mimic and Fool: A Task Agnostic Adversarial Attack
Abstract:
  At present, adversarial attacks are designed in a task-specific fashion. However, for downstream computer vision tasks such as image captioning, image segmentation etc., the current deep learning systems use an image classifier like VGG16, ResNet50, Inception-v3 etc. as a feature extractor. Keeping this in mind, we propose Mimic and Fool, a task agnostic adversarial attack. Given a feature extractor, the proposed attack finds an adversarial image which can mimic the image feature of the original image. This ensures that the two images give the same (or similar) output regardless of the task. We randomly select 1000 MSCOCO validation images for experimentation. We perform experiments on two image captioning models, Show and Tell, Show Attend and Tell and one VQA model, namely, end-to-end neural module network (N2NMN). The proposed attack achieves success rate of 74.0%, 81.0% and 87.1% for Show and Tell, Show Attend and Tell and N2NMN respectively. We also propose a slight modification to our attack to generate natural-looking adversarial images. In addition, we also show the applicability of the proposed attack for invertible architecture. Since Mimic and Fool only requires information about the feature extractor of the model, it can be considered as a gray-box attack. 

6: 
Title: Fooling Vision and Language Models Despite Localization and Attention
  Mechanism
Abstract:
  Adversarial attacks are known to succeed on classifiers, but it has been an open question whether more complex vision systems are vulnerable. In this paper, we study adversarial examples for vision and language models, which incorporate natural language understanding and complex structures such as attention, localization, and modular architectures. In particular, we investigate attacks on a dense captioning model and on two visual question answering (VQA) models. Our evaluation shows that we can generate adversarial examples with a high success rate (i.e., > 90%) for these models. Our work sheds new light on understanding adversarial attacks on vision systems which have a language component and shows that attention, bounding box localization, and compositional internal structures are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. These observations will inform future work towards building effective defenses. 

7: 
Title: Adversarial Attacks on Face Detectors using Neural Net based Constrained
  Optimization
Abstract:
  Adversarial attacks involve adding, small, often imperceptible, perturbations to inputs with the goal of getting a machine learning model to misclassifying them. While many different adversarial attack strategies have been proposed on image classification models, object detection pipelines have been much harder to break. In this paper, we propose a novel strategy to craft adversarial examples by solving a constrained optimization problem using an adversarial generator network. Our approach is fast and scalable, requiring only a forward pass through our trained generator network to craft an adversarial sample. Unlike in many attack strategies, we show that the same trained generator is capable of attacking new images without explicitly optimizing on them. We evaluate our attack on a trained Faster R-CNN face detector on the cropped 300-W face dataset where we manage to reduce the number of detected faces to $0.5\%$ of all originally detected faces. In a different experiment, also on 300-W, we demonstrate the robustness of our attack to a JPEG compression based defense typical JPEG compression level of $75\%$ reduces the effectiveness of our attack from only $0.5\%$ of detected faces to a modest $5.0\%$. 

8: 
Title: Using an ensemble color space model to tackle adversarial examples
Abstract:
  Minute pixel changes in an image drastically change the prediction that the deep learning model makes. One of the most significant problems that could arise due to this, for instance, is autonomous driving. Many methods have been proposed to combat this with varying amounts of success. We propose a 3 step method for defending such attacks. First, we denoise the image using statistical methods. Second, we show that adopting multiple color spaces in the same model can help us to fight these adversarial attacks further as each color space detects certain features explicit to itself. Finally, the feature maps generated are enlarged and sent back as an input to obtain even smaller features. We show that the proposed model does not need to be trained to defend an particular type of attack and is inherently more robust to black-box, white-box, and grey-box adversarial attack techniques. In particular, the model is 56.12 percent more robust than compared models in case of white box attacks when the models are not subject to adversarial example training. 

9: 
Title: Minimax Defense against Gradient-based Adversarial Attacks
Abstract:
  State-of-the-art adversarial attacks are aimed at neural network classifiers. By default, neural networks use gradient descent to minimize their loss function. The gradient of a classifier's loss function is used by gradient-based adversarial attacks to generate adversarially perturbed images. We pose the question whether another type of optimization could give neural network classifiers an edge. Here, we introduce a novel approach that uses minimax optimization to foil gradient-based adversarial attacks. Our minimax classifier is the discriminator of a generative adversarial network (GAN) that plays a minimax game with the GAN generator. In addition, our GAN generator projects all points onto a manifold that is different from the original manifold since the original manifold might be the cause of adversarial attacks. To measure the performance of our minimax defense, we use adversarial attacks - Carlini Wagner (CW), DeepFool, Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM) - on three datasets: MNIST, CIFAR-10 and German Traffic Sign (TRAFFIC). Against CW attacks, our minimax defense achieves 98.07% (MNIST-default 98.93%), 73.90% (CIFAR-10-default 83.14%) and 94.54% (TRAFFIC-default 96.97%). Against DeepFool attacks, our minimax defense achieves 98.87% (MNIST), 76.61% (CIFAR-10) and 94.57% (TRAFFIC). Against FGSM attacks, we achieve 97.01% (MNIST), 76.79% (CIFAR-10) and 81.41% (TRAFFIC). Our Minimax adversarial approach presents a significant shift in defense strategy for neural network classifiers. 

10: 
Title: Guessing Smart: Biased Sampling for Efficient Black-Box Adversarial
  Attacks
Abstract:
  We consider adversarial examples for image classification in the black-box decision-based setting. Here, an attacker cannot access confidence scores, but only the final label. Most attacks for this scenario are either unreliable or inefficient. Focusing on the latter, we show that a specific class of attacks, Boundary Attacks, can be reinterpreted as a biased sampling framework that gains efficiency from domain knowledge. We identify three such biases, image frequency, regional masks and surrogate gradients, and evaluate their performance against an ImageNet classifier. We show that the combination of these biases outperforms the state of the art by a wide margin. We also showcase an efficient way to attack the Google Cloud Vision API, where we craft convincing perturbations with just a few hundred queries. Finally, the methods we propose have also been found to work very well against strong defenses: Our targeted attack won second place in the NeurIPS 2018 Adversarial Vision Challenge. 

