Similiarity query for paper Dropout
Query:
Deep neural nets with a large number of parameters are very powerful machine learning systems. However, overfitting is a serious problem in such networks. Large networks are also slow to use, making it difficult to deal with overfitting by combining the predictions of many different large neural nets at test time. Dropout is a technique for addressing this problem. The key idea is to randomly drop units (along with their connections) from the neural network during training. This prevents units from co-adapting too much. During training, dropout samples from an exponential number of different 'thinned' networks. At test time, it is easy to approximate the effect of averaging the predictions of all these thinned networks by simply using a single unthinned network that has smaller weights. This significantly reduces overfitting and gives major improvements over other regularization methods. We show that dropout improves the performance of neural networks on supervised learning tasks in vision, speech recognition, document classification and computational biology, obtaining state-of-the-art results on many benchmark data sets.

Results:
1: 
Title: DropFilter: Dropout for Convolutions
Abstract:
  Using a large number of parameters , deep neural networks have achieved remarkable performance on computer vison and natural language processing tasks. However the networks usually suffer from overfitting by using too much parameters. Dropout is a widely use method to deal with overfitting. Although dropout can significantly regularize densely connected layers in neural networks, it leads to suboptimal results when using for convolutional layers. To track this problem, we propose DropFilter, a new dropout method for convolutional layers. DropFilter randomly suppresses the outputs of some filters. Because it is observed that co-adaptions are more likely to occurs inter filters rather than intra filters in convolutional layers. Using DropFilter, we remarkably improve the performance of convolutional networks on CIFAR and ImageNet. 

2: 
Title: Ising-Dropout: A Regularization Method for Training and Compression of
  Deep Neural Networks
Abstract:
  Overfitting is a major problem in training machine learning models, specifically deep neural networks. This problem may be caused by imbalanced datasets and initialization of the model parameters, which conforms the model too closely to the training data and negatively affects the generalization performance of the model for unseen data. The original dropout is a regularization technique to drop hidden units randomly during training. In this paper, we propose an adaptive technique to wisely drop the visible and hidden units in a deep neural network using Ising energy of the network. The preliminary results show that the proposed approach can keep the classification performance competitive to the original network while eliminating optimization of unnecessary network parameters in each training cycle. The dropout state of units can also be applied to the trained (inference) model. This technique could compress the network in terms of number of parameters up to 41.18% and 55.86% for the classification task on the MNIST and Fashion-MNIST datasets, respectively. 

3: 
Title: Neural Network Regularization via Robust Weight Factorization
Abstract:
  Regularization is essential when training large neural networks. As deep neural networks can be mathematically interpreted as universal function approximators, they are effective at memorizing sampling noise in the training data. This results in poor generalization to unseen data. Therefore, it is no surprise that a new regularization technique, Dropout, was partially responsible for the now-ubiquitous winning entry to ImageNet 2012 by the University of Toronto. Currently, Dropout (and related methods such as DropConnect) are the most effective means of regularizing large neural networks. These amount to efficiently visiting a large number of related models at training time, while aggregating them to a single predictor at test time. The proposed FaMe model aims to apply a similar strategy, yet learns a factorization of each weight matrix such that the factors are robust to noise. 

4: 
Title: Multi-Sample Dropout for Accelerated Training and Better Generalization
Abstract:
  Dropout is a simple but efficient regularization technique for achieving better generalization of deep neural networks (DNNs); hence it is widely used in tasks based on DNNs. During training, dropout randomly discards a portion of the neurons to avoid overfitting. This paper presents an enhanced dropout technique, which we call multi-sample dropout, for both accelerating training and improving generalization over the original dropout. The original dropout creates a randomly selected subset (called a dropout sample) from the input in each training iteration while the multi-sample dropout creates multiple dropout samples. The loss is calculated for each sample, and then the sample losses are averaged to obtain the final loss. This technique can be easily implemented by duplicating a part of the network after the dropout layer while sharing the weights among the duplicated fully connected layers. Experimental results using image classification tasks including ImageNet, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 showed that multi-sample dropout accelerates training. Moreover, the networks trained using multi-sample dropout achieved lower error rates compared to networks trained with the original dropout. The additional computation cost due to the duplicated operations is not significant for deep convolutional networks because most of the computation time is consumed in the convolution layers before the dropout layer, which are not duplicated. 

5: 
Title: Curriculum Dropout
Abstract:
  Dropout is a very effective way of regularizing neural networks. Stochastically "dropping out" units with a certain probability discourages over-specific co-adaptations of feature detectors, preventing overfitting and improving network generalization. Besides, Dropout can be interpreted as an approximate model aggregation technique, where an exponential number of smaller networks are averaged in order to get a more powerful ensemble. In this paper, we show that using a fixed dropout probability during training is a suboptimal choice. We thus propose a time scheduling for the probability of retaining neurons in the network. This induces an adaptive regularization scheme that smoothly increases the difficulty of the optimization problem. This idea of "starting easy" and adaptively increasing the difficulty of the learning problem has its roots in curriculum learning and allows one to train better models. Indeed, we prove that our optimization strategy implements a very general curriculum scheme, by gradually adding noise to both the input and intermediate feature representations within the network architecture. Experiments on seven image classification datasets and different network architectures show that our method, named Curriculum Dropout, frequently yields to better generalization and, at worst, performs just as well as the standard Dropout method. 

6: 
Title: Novel Uncertainty Framework for Deep Learning Ensembles
Abstract:
  Deep neural networks have become the default choice for many of the machine learning tasks such as classification and regression. Dropout, a method commonly used to improve the convergence of deep neural networks, generates an ensemble of thinned networks with extensive weight sharing. Recent studies that dropout can be viewed as an approximate variational inference in Gaussian processes, and used as a practical tool to obtain uncertainty estimates of the network. We propose a novel statistical mechanics based framework to dropout and use this framework to propose a new generic algorithm that focuses on estimates of the variance of the loss as measured by the ensemble of thinned networks. Our approach can be applied to a wide range of deep neural network architectures and machine learning tasks. In classification, this algorithm allows the generation of a don't-know answer to be generated, which can increase the reliability of the classifier. Empirically we demonstrate state-of-the-art AUC results on publicly available benchmarks. 

7: 
Title: Revisiting Structured Dropout
Abstract:
  Large neural networks are often overparameterised and prone to overfitting, Dropout is a widely used regularization technique to combat overfitting and improve model generalization. However, unstructured Dropout is not always effective for specific network architectures and this has led to the formation of multiple structured Dropout approaches to improve model performance and, sometimes, reduce the computational resources required for inference. In this work, we revisit structured Dropout comparing different Dropout approaches to natural language processing and computer vision tasks for multiple state-of-the-art networks. Additionally, we devise an approach to structured Dropout we call \textbf{\emph{ProbDropBlock}} which drops contiguous blocks from feature maps with a probability given by the normalized feature salience values. We find that with a simple scheduling strategy the proposed approach to structured Dropout consistently improved model performance compared to baselines and other Dropout approaches on a diverse range of tasks and models. In particular, we show \textbf{\emph{ProbDropBlock}} improves RoBERTa finetuning on MNLI by $0.22\%$, and training of ResNet50 on ImageNet by $0.28\%$. 

8: 
Title: Energy-based Dropout in Restricted Boltzmann Machines: Why not go random
Abstract:
  Deep learning architectures have been widely fostered throughout the last years, being used in a wide range of applications, such as object recognition, image reconstruction, and signal processing. Nevertheless, such models suffer from a common problem known as overfitting, which limits the network from predicting unseen data effectively. Regularization approaches arise in an attempt to address such a shortcoming. Among them, one can refer to the well-known Dropout, which tackles the problem by randomly shutting down a set of neurons and their connections according to a certain probability. Therefore, this approach does not consider any additional knowledge to decide which units should be disconnected. In this paper, we propose an energy-based Dropout (E-Dropout) that makes conscious decisions whether a neuron should be dropped or not. Specifically, we design this regularization method by correlating neurons and the model's energy as an importance level for further applying it to energy-based models, such as Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs). The experimental results over several benchmark datasets revealed the proposed approach's suitability compared to the traditional Dropout and the standard RBMs. 

9: 
Title: Analysis of dropout learning regarded as ensemble learning
Abstract:
  Deep learning is the state-of-the-art in fields such as visual object recognition and speech recognition. This learning uses a large number of layers, huge number of units, and connections. Therefore, overfitting is a serious problem. To avoid this problem, dropout learning is proposed. Dropout learning neglects some inputs and hidden units in the learning process with a probability, p, and then, the neglected inputs and hidden units are combined with the learned network to express the final output. We find that the process of combining the neglected hidden units with the learned network can be regarded as ensemble learning, so we analyze dropout learning from this point of view. 

10: 
Title: Regularizing Deep Neural Networks by Noise: Its Interpretation and
  Optimization
Abstract:
  Overfitting is one of the most critical challenges in deep neural networks, and there are various types of regularization methods to improve generalization performance. Injecting noises to hidden units during training, e.g., dropout, is known as a successful regularizer, but it is still not clear enough why such training techniques work well in practice and how we can maximize their benefit in the presence of two conflicting objectives---optimizing to true data distribution and preventing overfitting by regularization. This paper addresses the above issues by 1) interpreting that the conventional training methods with regularization by noise injection optimize the lower bound of the true objective and 2) proposing a technique to achieve a tighter lower bound using multiple noise samples per training example in a stochastic gradient descent iteration. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our idea in several computer vision applications. 

