Similiarity query for paper BERT
Query:
We introduce a new language representation model called BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. Unlike recent language representation models, BERT is designed to pre-train deep bidirectional representations from unlabeled text by jointly conditioning on both left and right context in all layers. As a result, the pre-trained BERT model can be fine-tuned with just one additional output layer to create state-of-the-art models for a wide range of tasks, such as question answering and language inference, without substantial task-specific architecture modifications. BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful. It obtains new state-of-the-art results on eleven natural language processing tasks, including pushing the GLUE score to 80.5% (7.7% point absolute improvement), MultiNLI accuracy to 86.7% (4.6% absolute improvement), SQuAD v1.1 question answering Test F1 to 93.2 (1.5 point absolute improvement) and SQuAD v2.0 Test F1 to 83.1 (5.1 point absolute improvement).

Results:
1: 
Title: BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language
  Understanding
Abstract:
  We introduce a new language representation model called BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. Unlike recent language representation models, BERT is designed to pre-train deep bidirectional representations from unlabeled text by jointly conditioning on both left and right context in all layers. As a result, the pre-trained BERT model can be fine-tuned with just one additional output layer to create state-of-the-art models for a wide range of tasks, such as question answering and language inference, without substantial task-specific architecture modifications.   BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful. It obtains new state-of-the-art results on eleven natural language processing tasks, including pushing the GLUE score to 80.5% (7.7% point absolute improvement), MultiNLI accuracy to 86.7% (4.6% absolute improvement), SQuAD v1.1 question answering Test F1 to 93.2 (1.5 point absolute improvement) and SQuAD v2.0 Test F1 to 83.1 (5.1 point absolute improvement). 

2: 
Title: How to Fine-Tune BERT for Text Classification?
Abstract:
  Language model pre-training has proven to be useful in learning universal language representations. As a state-of-the-art language model pre-training model, BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) has achieved amazing results in many language understanding tasks. In this paper, we conduct exhaustive experiments to investigate different fine-tuning methods of BERT on text classification task and provide a general solution for BERT fine-tuning. Finally, the proposed solution obtains new state-of-the-art results on eight widely-studied text classification datasets. 

3: 
Title: TRANS-BLSTM: Transformer with Bidirectional LSTM for Language
  Understanding
Abstract:
  Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) has recently achieved state-of-the-art performance on a broad range of NLP tasks including sentence classification, machine translation, and question answering. The BERT model architecture is derived primarily from the transformer. Prior to the transformer era, bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (BLSTM) has been the dominant modeling architecture for neural machine translation and question answering. In this paper, we investigate how these two modeling techniques can be combined to create a more powerful model architecture. We propose a new architecture denoted as Transformer with BLSTM (TRANS-BLSTM) which has a BLSTM layer integrated to each transformer block, leading to a joint modeling framework for transformer and BLSTM. We show that TRANS-BLSTM models consistently lead to improvements in accuracy compared to BERT baselines in GLUE and SQuAD 1.1 experiments. Our TRANS-BLSTM model obtains an F1 score of 94.01% on the SQuAD 1.1 development dataset, which is comparable to the state-of-the-art result. 

4: 
Title: Hierarchical Transformers for Long Document Classification
Abstract:
  BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers, is a recently introduced language representation model based upon the transfer learning paradigm. We extend its fine-tuning procedure to address one of its major limitations - applicability to inputs longer than a few hundred words, such as transcripts of human call conversations. Our method is conceptually simple. We segment the input into smaller chunks and feed each of them into the base model. Then, we propagate each output through a single recurrent layer, or another transformer, followed by a softmax activation. We obtain the final classification decision after the last segment has been consumed. We show that both BERT extensions are quick to fine-tune and converge after as little as 1 epoch of training on a small, domain-specific data set. We successfully apply them in three different tasks involving customer call satisfaction prediction and topic classification, and obtain a significant improvement over the baseline models in two of them. 

5: 
Title: Align, Mask and Select: A Simple Method for Incorporating Commonsense
  Knowledge into Language Representation Models
Abstract:
  The state-of-the-art pre-trained language representation models, such as Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT), rarely incorporate commonsense knowledge or other knowledge explicitly. We propose a pre-training approach for incorporating commonsense knowledge into language representation models. We construct a commonsense-related multi-choice question answering dataset for pre-training a neural language representation model. The dataset is created automatically by our proposed "align, mask, and select" (AMS) method. We also investigate different pre-training tasks. Experimental results demonstrate that pre-training models using the proposed approach followed by fine-tuning achieve significant improvements over previous state-of-the-art models on two commonsense-related benchmarks, including CommonsenseQA and Winograd Schema Challenge. We also observe that fine-tuned models after the proposed pre-training approach maintain comparable performance on other NLP tasks, such as sentence classification and natural language inference tasks, compared to the original BERT models. These results verify that the proposed approach, while significantly improving commonsense-related NLP tasks, does not degrade the general language representation capabilities. 

6: 
Title: Exploring Neural Net Augmentation to BERT for Question Answering on
  SQUAD 2.0
Abstract:
  Enhancing machine capabilities to answer questions has been a topic of considerable focus in recent years of NLP research. Language models like Embeddings from Language Models (ELMo)[1] and Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) [2] have been very successful in developing general purpose language models that can be optimized for a large number of downstream language tasks. In this work, we focused on augmenting the pre-trained BERT language model with different output neural net architectures and compared their performance on question answering task posed by the Stanford Question Answering Dataset 2.0 (SQUAD 2.0) [3]. Additionally, we also fine-tuned the pre-trained BERT model parameters to demonstrate its effectiveness in adapting to specialized language tasks. Our best output network, is the contextualized CNN that performs on both the unanswerable and answerable question answering tasks with F1 scores of 75.32 and 64.85 respectively. 

7: 
Title: BERT for Joint Intent Classification and Slot Filling
Abstract:
  Intent classification and slot filling are two essential tasks for natural language understanding. They often suffer from small-scale human-labeled training data, resulting in poor generalization capability, especially for rare words. Recently a new language representation model, BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers), facilitates pre-training deep bidirectional representations on large-scale unlabeled corpora, and has created state-of-the-art models for a wide variety of natural language processing tasks after simple fine-tuning. However, there has not been much effort on exploring BERT for natural language understanding. In this work, we propose a joint intent classification and slot filling model based on BERT. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model achieves significant improvement on intent classification accuracy, slot filling F1, and sentence-level semantic frame accuracy on several public benchmark datasets, compared to the attention-based recurrent neural network models and slot-gated models. 

8: 
Title: Fast and Accurate Deep Bidirectional Language Representations for
  Unsupervised Learning
Abstract:
  Even though BERT achieves successful performance improvements in various supervised learning tasks, applying BERT for unsupervised tasks still holds a limitation that it requires repetitive inference for computing contextual language representations. To resolve the limitation, we propose a novel deep bidirectional language model called Transformer-based Text Autoencoder (T-TA). The T-TA computes contextual language representations without repetition and has benefits of the deep bidirectional architecture like BERT. In run-time experiments on CPU environments, the proposed T-TA performs over six times faster than the BERT-based model in the reranking task and twelve times faster in the semantic similarity task. Furthermore, the T-TA shows competitive or even better accuracies than those of BERT on the above tasks. 

9: 
Title: Utilizing Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers for
  Answer Selection
Abstract:
  Pre-training a transformer-based model for the language modeling task in a large dataset and then fine-tuning it for downstream tasks has been found very useful in recent years. One major advantage of such pre-trained language models is that they can effectively absorb the context of each word in a sentence. However, for tasks such as the answer selection task, the pre-trained language models have not been extensively used yet. To investigate their effectiveness in such tasks, in this paper, we adopt the pre-trained Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformer (BERT) language model and fine-tune it on two Question Answering (QA) datasets and three Community Question Answering (CQA) datasets for the answer selection task. We find that fine-tuning the BERT model for the answer selection task is very effective and observe a maximum improvement of 13.1% in the QA datasets and 18.7% in the CQA datasets compared to the previous state-of-the-art. 

10: 
Title: Unified Language Model Pre-training for Natural Language Understanding
  and Generation
Abstract:
  This paper presents a new Unified pre-trained Language Model (UniLM) that can be fine-tuned for both natural language understanding and generation tasks. The model is pre-trained using three types of language modeling tasks: unidirectional, bidirectional, and sequence-to-sequence prediction. The unified modeling is achieved by employing a shared Transformer network and utilizing specific self-attention masks to control what context the prediction conditions on. UniLM compares favorably with BERT on the GLUE benchmark, and the SQuAD 2.0 and CoQA question answering tasks. Moreover, UniLM achieves new state-of-the-art results on five natural language generation datasets, including improving the CNN/DailyMail abstractive summarization ROUGE-L to 40.51 (2.04 absolute improvement), the Gigaword abstractive summarization ROUGE-L to 35.75 (0.86 absolute improvement), the CoQA generative question answering F1 score to 82.5 (37.1 absolute improvement), the SQuAD question generation BLEU-4 to 22.12 (3.75 absolute improvement), and the DSTC7 document-grounded dialog response generation NIST-4 to 2.67 (human performance is 2.65). The code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/microsoft/unilm. 

