Similiarity query for paper Unet
Query:
There is large consent that successful training of deep networks requires many thousand annotated training samples. In this paper, we present a network and training strategy that relies on the strong use of data augmentation to use the available annotated samples more efficiently. The architecture consists of a contracting path to capture context and a symmetric expanding path that enables precise localization. We show that such a network can be trained end-to-end from very few images and outperforms the prior best method (a sliding-window convolutional network) on the ISBI challenge for segmentation of neuronal structures in electron microscopic stacks. Using the same network trained on transmitted light microscopy images (phase contrast and DIC) we won the ISBI cell tracking challenge 2015 in these categories by a large margin. Moreover, the network is fast. Segmentation of a 512x512 image takes less than a second on a recent GPU. The full implementation (based on Caffe) and the trained networks are available at this http URL

Results:
1: 
Title: U-Net: Convolutional Networks for Biomedical Image Segmentation
Abstract:
  There is large consent that successful training of deep networks requires many thousand annotated training samples. In this paper, we present a network and training strategy that relies on the strong use of data augmentation to use the available annotated samples more efficiently. The architecture consists of a contracting path to capture context and a symmetric expanding path that enables precise localization. We show that such a network can be trained end-to-end from very few images and outperforms the prior best method (a sliding-window convolutional network) on the ISBI challenge for segmentation of neuronal structures in electron microscopic stacks. Using the same network trained on transmitted light microscopy images (phase contrast and DIC) we won the ISBI cell tracking challenge 2015 in these categories by a large margin. Moreover, the network is fast. Segmentation of a 512x512 image takes less than a second on a recent GPU. The full implementation (based on Caffe) and the trained networks are available at http://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/people/ronneber/u-net . 

2: 
Title: Neuron Segmentation Using Deep Complete Bipartite Networks
Abstract:
  In this paper, we consider the problem of automatically segmenting neuronal cells in dual-color confocal microscopy images. This problem is a key task in various quantitative analysis applications in neuroscience, such as tracing cell genesis in Danio rerio (zebrafish) brains. Deep learning, especially using fully convolutional networks (FCN), has profoundly changed segmentation research in biomedical imaging. We face two major challenges in this problem. First, neuronal cells may form dense clusters, making it difficult to correctly identify all individual cells (even to human experts). Consequently, segmentation results of the known FCN-type models are not accurate enough. Second, pixel-wise ground truth is difficult to obtain. Only a limited amount of approximate instance-wise annotation can be collected, which makes the training of FCN models quite cumbersome. We propose a new FCN-type deep learning model, called deep complete bipartite networks (CB-Net), and a new scheme for leveraging approximate instance-wise annotation to train our pixel-wise prediction model. Evaluated using seven real datasets, our proposed new CB-Net model outperforms the state-of-the-art FCN models and produces neuron segmentation results of remarkable quality 

3: 
Title: Instance Segmentation and Tracking with Cosine Embeddings and Recurrent
  Hourglass Networks
Abstract:
  Different to semantic segmentation, instance segmentation assigns unique labels to each individual instance of the same class. In this work, we propose a novel recurrent fully convolutional network architecture for tracking such instance segmentations over time. The network architecture incorporates convolutional gated recurrent units (ConvGRU) into a stacked hourglass network to utilize temporal video information. Furthermore, we train the network with a novel embedding loss based on cosine similarities, such that the network predicts unique embeddings for every instance throughout videos. Afterwards, these embeddings are clustered among subsequent video frames to create the final tracked instance segmentations. We evaluate the recurrent hourglass network by segmenting left ventricles in MR videos of the heart, where it outperforms a network that does not incorporate video information. Furthermore, we show applicability of the cosine embedding loss for segmenting leaf instances on still images of plants. Finally, we evaluate the framework for instance segmentation and tracking on six datasets of the ISBI celltracking challenge, where it shows state-of-the-art performance. 

4: 
Title: Organ Segmentation From Full-size CT Images Using Memory-Efficient FCN
Abstract:
  In this work, we present a memory-efficient fully convolutional network (FCN) incorporated with several memory-optimized techniques to reduce the run-time GPU memory demand during training phase. In medical image segmentation tasks, subvolume cropping has become a common preprocessing. Subvolumes (or small patch volumes) were cropped to reduce GPU memory demand. However, small patch volumes capture less spatial context that leads to lower accuracy. As a pilot study, the purpose of this work is to propose a memory-efficient FCN which enables us to train the model on full size CT image directly without subvolume cropping, while maintaining the segmentation accuracy. We optimize our network from both architecture and implementation. With the development of computing hardware, such as graphics processing unit (GPU) and tensor processing unit (TPU), now deep learning applications is able to train networks with large datasets within acceptable time. Among these applications, semantic segmentation using fully convolutional network (FCN) also has gained a significant improvement against traditional image processing approaches in both computer vision and medical image processing fields. However, unlike general color images used in computer vision tasks, medical images have larger scales than color images such as 3D computed tomography (CT) images, micro CT images, and histopathological images. For training these medical images, the large demand of computing resource become a severe problem. In this paper, we present a memory-efficient FCN to tackle the high GPU memory demand challenge in organ segmentation problem from clinical CT images. The experimental results demonstrated that our GPU memory demand is about 40% of baseline architecture, parameter amount is about 30% of the baseline. 

5: 
Title: FDDWNet: A Lightweight Convolutional Neural Network for Real-time
  Sementic Segmentation
Abstract:
  This paper introduces a lightweight convolutional neural network, called FDDWNet, for real-time accurate semantic segmentation. In contrast to recent advances of lightweight networks that prefer to utilize shallow structure, FDDWNet makes an effort to design more deeper network architecture, while maintains faster inference speed and higher segmentation accuracy. Our network uses factorized dilated depth-wise separable convolutions (FDDWC) to learn feature representations from different scale receptive fields with fewer model parameters. Additionally, FDDWNet has multiple branches of skipped connections to gather context cues from intermediate convolution layers. The experiments show that FDDWNet only has 0.8M model size, while achieves 60 FPS running speed on a single RTX 2080Ti GPU with a 1024x512 input image. The comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art results in terms of available speed and accuracy trade-off on CityScapes and CamVid datasets. 

6: 
Title: Automatic Dataset Augmentation
Abstract:
  Large scale image dataset and deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) are two primary driving forces for the rapid progress made in generic object recognition tasks in recent years. While lots of network architectures have been continuously designed to pursue lower error rates, few efforts are devoted to enlarge existing datasets due to high labeling cost and unfair comparison issues. In this paper, we aim to achieve lower error rate by augmenting existing datasets in an automatic manner. Our method leverages both Web and DCNN, where Web provides massive images with rich contextual information, and DCNN replaces human to automatically label images under guidance of Web contextual information. Experiments show our method can automatically scale up existing datasets significantly from billions web pages with high accuracy, and significantly improve the performance on object recognition tasks by using the automatically augmented datasets, which demonstrates that more supervisory information has been automatically gathered from the Web. Both the dataset and models trained on the dataset are made publicly available. 

7: 
Title: EmbedTrack -- Simultaneous Cell Segmentation and Tracking Through
  Learning Offsets and Clustering Bandwidths
Abstract:
  A systematic analysis of the cell behavior requires automated approaches for cell segmentation and tracking. While deep learning has been successfully applied for the task of cell segmentation, there are few approaches for simultaneous cell segmentation and tracking using deep learning. Here, we present EmbedTrack, a single convolutional neural network for simultaneous cell segmentation and tracking which predicts easy to interpret embeddings. As embeddings, offsets of cell pixels to their cell center and bandwidths are learned. We benchmark our approach on nine 2D data sets from the Cell Tracking Challenge, where our approach performs on seven out of nine data sets within the top 3 contestants including three top 1 performances. The source code is publicly available at https://git.scc.kit.edu/kit-loe-ge/embedtrack. 

8: 
Title: RenderGAN: Generating Realistic Labeled Data
Abstract:
  Deep Convolutional Neuronal Networks (DCNNs) are showing remarkable performance on many computer vision tasks. Due to their large parameter space, they require many labeled samples when trained in a supervised setting. The costs of annotating data manually can render the use of DCNNs infeasible. We present a novel framework called RenderGAN that can generate large amounts of realistic, labeled images by combining a 3D model and the Generative Adversarial Network framework. In our approach, image augmentations (e.g. lighting, background, and detail) are learned from unlabeled data such that the generated images are strikingly realistic while preserving the labels known from the 3D model. We apply the RenderGAN framework to generate images of barcode-like markers that are attached to honeybees. Training a DCNN on data generated by the RenderGAN yields considerably better performance than training it on various baselines. 

9: 
Title: Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation
Abstract:
  Convolutional networks are powerful visual models that yield hierarchies of features. We show that convolutional networks by themselves, trained end-to-end, pixels-to-pixels, improve on the previous best result in semantic segmentation. Our key insight is to build "fully convolutional" networks that take input of arbitrary size and produce correspondingly-sized output with efficient inference and learning. We define and detail the space of fully convolutional networks, explain their application to spatially dense prediction tasks, and draw connections to prior models. We adapt contemporary classification networks (AlexNet, the VGG net, and GoogLeNet) into fully convolutional networks and transfer their learned representations by fine-tuning to the segmentation task. We then define a skip architecture that combines semantic information from a deep, coarse layer with appearance information from a shallow, fine layer to produce accurate and detailed segmentations. Our fully convolutional network achieves improved segmentation of PASCAL VOC (30% relative improvement to 67.2% mean IU on 2012), NYUDv2, SIFT Flow, and PASCAL-Context, while inference takes one tenth of a second for a typical image. 

10: 
Title: Learning with minimal effort: leveraging in silico labeling for cell and
  nucleus segmentation
Abstract:
  Deep learning provides us with powerful methods to perform nucleus or cell segmentation with unprecedented quality. However, these methods usually require large training sets of manually annotated images, which are tedious and expensive to generate. In this paper we propose to use In Silico Labeling (ISL) as a pretraining scheme for segmentation tasks. The strategy is to acquire label-free microscopy images (such as bright-field or phase contrast) along fluorescently labeled images (such as DAPI or CellMask). We then train a model to predict the fluorescently labeled images from the label-free microscopy images. By comparing segmentation performance across several training set sizes, we show that such a scheme can dramatically reduce the number of required annotations. 

