Query:
unet

Results:
1: 
Title: Encoding feature supervised UNet++: Redesigning Supervision for liver
  and tumor segmentation
Abstract:
  Liver tumor segmentation in CT images is a critical step in the diagnosis, surgical planning and postoperative evaluation of liver disease. An automatic liver and tumor segmentation method can greatly relieve physicians of the heavy workload of examining CT images and better improve the accuracy of diagnosis. In the last few decades, many modifications based on U-Net model have been proposed in the literature. However, there are relatively few improvements for the advanced UNet++ model. In our paper, we propose an encoding feature supervised UNet++(ES-UNet++) and apply it to the liver and tumor segmentation. ES-UNet++ consists of an encoding UNet++ and a segmentation UNet++. The well-trained encoding UNet++ can extract the encoding features of label map which are used to additionally supervise the segmentation UNet++. By adding supervision to the each encoder of segmentation UNet++, U-Nets of different depths that constitute UNet++ outperform the original version by average 5.7% in dice score and the overall dice score is thus improved by 2.1%. ES-UNet++ is evaluated with dataset LiTS, achieving 95.6% for liver segmentation and 67.4% for tumor segmentation in dice score. In this paper, we also concluded some valuable properties of ES-UNet++ by conducting comparative anaylsis between ES-UNet++ and UNet++:(1) encoding feature supervision can accelerate the convergence of the model.(2) encoding feature supervision enhances the effect of model pruning by achieving huge speedup while providing pruned models with fairly good performance. 

2: 
Title: UNet Architectures in Multiplanar Volumetric Segmentation -- Validated
  on Three Knee MRI Cohorts
Abstract:
  UNet has become the gold standard method for segmenting 2D medical images that any new method must be validated against. However, in recent years, several variations of the seminal UNet have been proposed with promising results. However, there is no clear consensus on the generalisability of these architectures, and UNet currently remains the methodological gold standard. The purpose of this study was to evaluate some of the most promising UNet-inspired architectures for 3D segmentation. For the segmentation of 3D scans, UNet-inspired methods are also dominant, but there is a larger variety across applications. By evaluating the architectures in a different dimensionality, embedded in a different method, and for a different task, we aimed to evaluate if any of these UNet-alternatives are promising as a new gold standard that generalizes even better than UNet. Specifically, we investigated the architectures as the central 2D segmentation core in the Multi-Planar Unet 3D segmentation method that previously demonstrated excellent generalization in the MICCAI Segmentation Decathlon. Generalisability can be demonstrated if a promising UNet-variant consistently outperforms UNet in this setting. For this purpose, we evaluated four architectures for cartilage segmentation from three different cohorts with knee MRIs. 

3: 
Title: Attention Augmented ConvNeXt UNet For Rectal Tumour Segmentation
Abstract:
  It is a challenge to segment the location and size of rectal cancer tumours through deep learning. In this paper, in order to improve the ability of extracting suffi-cient feature information in rectal tumour segmentation, attention enlarged ConvNeXt UNet (AACN-UNet), is proposed. The network mainly includes two improvements: 1) the encoder stage of UNet is changed to ConvNeXt structure for encoding operation, which can not only integrate multi-scale semantic information on a large scale, but al-so reduce information loss and extract more feature information from CT images; 2) CBAM attention mechanism is added to improve the connection of each feature in channel and space, which is conducive to extracting the effective feature of the target and improving the segmentation accuracy.The experiment with UNet and its variant network shows that AACN-UNet is 0.9% ,1.1% and 1.4% higher than the current best results in P, F1 and Miou.Compared with the training time, the number of parameters in UNet network is less. This shows that our proposed AACN-UNet has achieved ex-cellent results in CT image segmentation of rectal cancer. 

4: 
Title: Broad-UNet: Multi-scale feature learning for nowcasting tasks
Abstract:
  Weather nowcasting consists of predicting meteorological components in the short term at high spatial resolutions. Due to its influence in many human activities, accurate nowcasting has recently gained plenty of attention. In this paper, we treat the nowcasting problem as an image-to-image translation problem using satellite imagery. We introduce Broad-UNet, a novel architecture based on the core UNet model, to efficiently address this problem. In particular, the proposed Broad-UNet is equipped with asymmetric parallel convolutions as well as Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) module. In this way, The the Broad-UNet model learns more complex patterns by combining multi-scale features while using fewer parameters than the core UNet model. The proposed model is applied on two different nowcasting tasks, i.e. precipitation maps and cloud cover nowcasting. The obtained numerical results show that the introduced Broad-UNet model performs more accurate predictions compared to the other examined architectures. 

5: 
Title: ClamNet: Using contrastive learning with variable depth Unets for
  medical image segmentation
Abstract:
  Unets have become the standard method for semantic segmentation of medical images, along with fully convolutional networks (FCN). Unet++ was introduced as a variant of Unet, in order to solve some of the problems facing Unet and FCNs. Unet++ provided networks with an ensemble of variable depth Unets, hence eliminating the need for professionals estimating the best suitable depth for a task. While Unet and all its variants, including Unet++ aimed at providing networks that were able to train well without requiring large quantities of annotated data, none of them attempted to eliminate the need for pixel-wise annotated data altogether. Obtaining such data for each disease to be diagnosed comes at a high cost. Hence such data is scarce. In this paper we use contrastive learning to train Unet++ for semantic segmentation of medical images using medical images from various sources including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computed tomography (CT), without the need for pixel-wise annotations. Here we describe the architecture of the proposed model and the training method used. This is still a work in progress and so we abstain from including results in this paper. The results and the trained model would be made available upon publication or in subsequent versions of this paper on arxiv. 

6: 
Title: Experimental Large-Scale Jet Flames' Geometrical Features Extraction for
  Risk Management Using Infrared Images and Deep Learning Segmentation Methods
Abstract:
  Jet fires are relatively small and have the least severe effects among the diverse fire accidents that can occur in industrial plants; however, they are usually involved in a process known as the domino effect, that leads to more severe events, such as explosions or the initiation of another fire, making the analysis of such fires an important part of risk analysis. This research work explores the application of deep learning models in an alternative approach that uses the semantic segmentation of jet fires flames to extract main geometrical attributes, relevant for fire risk assessments. A comparison is made between traditional image processing methods and some state-of-the-art deep learning models. It is found that the best approach is a deep learning architecture known as UNet, along with its two improvements, Attention UNet and UNet++. The models are then used to segment a group of vertical jet flames of varying pipe outlet diameters to extract their main geometrical characteristics. Attention UNet obtained the best general performance in the approximation of both height and area of the flames, while also showing a statistically significant difference between it and UNet++. UNet obtained the best overall performance for the approximation of the lift-off distances; however, there is not enough data to prove a statistically significant difference between Attention UNet and UNet++. The only instance where UNet++ outperformed the other models, was while obtaining the lift-off distances of the jet flames with 0.01275 m pipe outlet diameter. In general, the explored models show good agreement between the experimental and predicted values for relatively large turbulent propane jet flames, released in sonic and subsonic regimes; thus, making these radiation zones segmentation models, a suitable approach for different jet flame risk management scenarios. 

7: 
Title: Dense Dilated UNet: Deep Learning for 3D Photoacoustic Tomography Image
  Reconstruction
Abstract:
  In photoacoustic tomography (PAT), the acoustic pressure waves produced by optical excitation are measured by an array of detectors and used to reconstruct an image. Sparse spatial sampling and limited-view detection are two common challenges faced in PAT. Reconstructing from incomplete data using standard methods results in severe streaking artifacts and blurring. We propose a modified convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture termed Dense Dilation UNet (DD-UNet) for correcting artifacts in 3D PAT. The DD-Net leverages the benefits of dense connectivity and dilated convolutions to improve CNN performance. We compare the proposed CNN in terms of image quality as measured by the multiscale structural similarity index metric to the Fully Dense UNet (FD-UNet). Results demonstrate that the DD-Net consistently outperforms the FD-UNet and is able to more reliably reconstruct smaller image features. 

8: 
Title: A Novel 3D-UNet Deep Learning Framework Based on High-Dimensional
  Bilateral Grid for Edge Consistent Single Image Depth Estimation
Abstract:
  The task of predicting smooth and edge-consistent depth maps is notoriously difficult for single image depth estimation. This paper proposes a novel Bilateral Grid based 3D convolutional neural network, dubbed as 3DBG-UNet, that parameterizes high dimensional feature space by encoding compact 3D bilateral grids with UNets and infers sharp geometric layout of the scene. Further, another novel 3DBGES-UNet model is introduced that integrate 3DBG-UNet for inferring an accurate depth map given a single color view. The 3DBGES-UNet concatenates 3DBG-UNet geometry map with the inception network edge accentuation map and a spatial object's boundary map obtained by leveraging semantic segmentation and train the UNet model with ResNet backbone. Both models are designed with a particular attention to explicitly account for edges or minute details. Preserving sharp discontinuities at depth edges is critical for many applications such as realistic integration of virtual objects in AR video or occlusion-aware view synthesis for 3D display applications.The proposed depth prediction network achieves state-of-the-art performance in both qualitative and quantitative evaluations on the challenging NYUv2-Depth data. The code and corresponding pre-trained weights will be made publicly available. 

9: 
Title: End-to-End Deep Learning of Lane Detection and Path Prediction for
  Real-Time Autonomous Driving
Abstract:
  Inspired by the UNet architecture of semantic image segmentation, we propose a lightweight UNet using depthwise separable convolutions (DSUNet) for end-to-end learning of lane detection and path prediction (PP) in autonomous driving. We also design and integrate a PP algorithm with convolutional neural network (CNN) to form a simulation model (CNN-PP) that can be used to assess CNN's performance qualitatively, quantitatively, and dynamically in a host agent car driving along with other agents all in a real-time autonomous manner. DSUNet is 5.16x lighter in model size and 1.61x faster in inference than UNet. DSUNet-PP outperforms UNet-PP in mean average errors of predicted curvature and lateral offset for path planning in dynamic simulation. DSUNet-PP outperforms a modified UNet in lateral error, which is tested in a real car on real road. These results show that DSUNet is efficient and effective for lane detection and path prediction in autonomous driving. 

10: 
Title: Deep LOGISMOS: Deep Learning Graph-based 3D Segmentation of Pancreatic
  Tumors on CT scans
Abstract:
  This paper reports Deep LOGISMOS approach to 3D tumor segmentation by incorporating boundary information derived from deep contextual learning to LOGISMOS - layered optimal graph image segmentation of multiple objects and surfaces. Accurate and reliable tumor segmentation is essential to tumor growth analysis and treatment selection. A fully convolutional network (FCN), UNet, is first trained using three adjacent 2D patches centered at the tumor, providing contextual UNet segmentation and probability map for each 2D patch. The UNet segmentation is then refined by Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) and morphological operations. The refined UNet segmentation is used to provide the initial shape boundary to build a segmentation graph. The cost for each node of the graph is determined by the UNet probability maps. Finally, a max-flow algorithm is employed to find the globally optimal solution thus obtaining the final segmentation. For evaluation, we applied the method to pancreatic tumor segmentation on a dataset of 51 CT scans, among which 30 scans were used for training and 21 for testing. With Deep LOGISMOS, DICE Similarity Coefficient (DSC) and Relative Volume Difference (RVD) reached 83.2+-7.8% and 18.6+-17.4% respectively, both are significantly improved (p<0.05) compared with contextual UNet and/or LOGISMOS alone. 

