Similiarity query for paper BERT
Query:
We introduce a new language representation model called BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. Unlike recent language representation models, BERT is designed to pre-train deep bidirectional representations from unlabeled text by jointly conditioning on both left and right context in all layers. As a result, the pre-trained BERT model can be fine-tuned with just one additional output layer to create state-of-the-art models for a wide range of tasks, such as question answering and language inference, without substantial task-specific architecture modifications. BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful. It obtains new state-of-the-art results on eleven natural language processing tasks, including pushing the GLUE score to 80.5% (7.7% point absolute improvement), MultiNLI accuracy to 86.7% (4.6% absolute improvement), SQuAD v1.1 question answering Test F1 to 93.2 (1.5 point absolute improvement) and SQuAD v2.0 Test F1 to 83.1 (5.1 point absolute improvement).

Results:
1: 
Title: BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language
  Understanding
Abstract:
  We introduce a new language representation model called BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. Unlike recent language representation models, BERT is designed to pre-train deep bidirectional representations from unlabeled text by jointly conditioning on both left and right context in all layers. As a result, the pre-trained BERT model can be fine-tuned with just one additional output layer to create state-of-the-art models for a wide range of tasks, such as question answering and language inference, without substantial task-specific architecture modifications.   BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful. It obtains new state-of-the-art results on eleven natural language processing tasks, including pushing the GLUE score to 80.5% (7.7% point absolute improvement), MultiNLI accuracy to 86.7% (4.6% absolute improvement), SQuAD v1.1 question answering Test F1 to 93.2 (1.5 point absolute improvement) and SQuAD v2.0 Test F1 to 83.1 (5.1 point absolute improvement). 

2: 
Title: Unified Language Model Pre-training for Natural Language Understanding
  and Generation
Abstract:
  This paper presents a new Unified pre-trained Language Model (UniLM) that can be fine-tuned for both natural language understanding and generation tasks. The model is pre-trained using three types of language modeling tasks: unidirectional, bidirectional, and sequence-to-sequence prediction. The unified modeling is achieved by employing a shared Transformer network and utilizing specific self-attention masks to control what context the prediction conditions on. UniLM compares favorably with BERT on the GLUE benchmark, and the SQuAD 2.0 and CoQA question answering tasks. Moreover, UniLM achieves new state-of-the-art results on five natural language generation datasets, including improving the CNN/DailyMail abstractive summarization ROUGE-L to 40.51 (2.04 absolute improvement), the Gigaword abstractive summarization ROUGE-L to 35.75 (0.86 absolute improvement), the CoQA generative question answering F1 score to 82.5 (37.1 absolute improvement), the SQuAD question generation BLEU-4 to 22.12 (3.75 absolute improvement), and the DSTC7 document-grounded dialog response generation NIST-4 to 2.67 (human performance is 2.65). The code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/microsoft/unilm. 

3: 
Title: Ensemble ALBERT on SQuAD 2.0
Abstract:
  Machine question answering is an essential yet challenging task in natural language processing. Recently, Pre-trained Contextual Embeddings (PCE) models like Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) and A Lite BERT (ALBERT) have attracted lots of attention due to their great performance in a wide range of NLP tasks. In our Paper, we utilized the fine-tuned ALBERT models and implemented combinations of additional layers (e.g. attention layer, RNN layer) on top of them to improve model performance on Stanford Question Answering Dataset (SQuAD 2.0). We implemented four different models with different layers on top of ALBERT-base model, and two other models based on ALBERT-xlarge and ALBERT-xxlarge. We compared their performance to our baseline model ALBERT-base-v2 + ALBERT-SQuAD-out with details. Our best-performing individual model is ALBERT-xxlarge + ALBERT-SQuAD-out, which achieved an F1 score of 88.435 on the dev set. Furthermore, we have implemented three different ensemble algorithms to boost overall performance. By passing in several best-performing models' results into our weighted voting ensemble algorithm, our final result ranks first on the Stanford CS224N Test PCE SQuAD Leaderboard with F1 = 90.123. 

4: 
Title: TRANS-BLSTM: Transformer with Bidirectional LSTM for Language
  Understanding
Abstract:
  Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) has recently achieved state-of-the-art performance on a broad range of NLP tasks including sentence classification, machine translation, and question answering. The BERT model architecture is derived primarily from the transformer. Prior to the transformer era, bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (BLSTM) has been the dominant modeling architecture for neural machine translation and question answering. In this paper, we investigate how these two modeling techniques can be combined to create a more powerful model architecture. We propose a new architecture denoted as Transformer with BLSTM (TRANS-BLSTM) which has a BLSTM layer integrated to each transformer block, leading to a joint modeling framework for transformer and BLSTM. We show that TRANS-BLSTM models consistently lead to improvements in accuracy compared to BERT baselines in GLUE and SQuAD 1.1 experiments. Our TRANS-BLSTM model obtains an F1 score of 94.01% on the SQuAD 1.1 development dataset, which is comparable to the state-of-the-art result. 

5: 
Title: BioBERT: a pre-trained biomedical language representation model for
  biomedical text mining
Abstract:
  Biomedical text mining is becoming increasingly important as the number of biomedical documents rapidly grows. With the progress in natural language processing (NLP), extracting valuable information from biomedical literature has gained popularity among researchers, and deep learning has boosted the development of effective biomedical text mining models. However, directly applying the advancements in NLP to biomedical text mining often yields unsatisfactory results due to a word distribution shift from general domain corpora to biomedical corpora. In this article, we investigate how the recently introduced pre-trained language model BERT can be adapted for biomedical corpora. We introduce BioBERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers for Biomedical Text Mining), which is a domain-specific language representation model pre-trained on large-scale biomedical corpora. With almost the same architecture across tasks, BioBERT largely outperforms BERT and previous state-of-the-art models in a variety of biomedical text mining tasks when pre-trained on biomedical corpora. While BERT obtains performance comparable to that of previous state-of-the-art models, BioBERT significantly outperforms them on the following three representative biomedical text mining tasks: biomedical named entity recognition (0.62% F1 score improvement), biomedical relation extraction (2.80% F1 score improvement) and biomedical question answering (12.24% MRR improvement). Our analysis results show that pre-training BERT on biomedical corpora helps it to understand complex biomedical texts. We make the pre-trained weights of BioBERT freely available at https://github.com/naver/biobert-pretrained, and the source code for fine-tuning BioBERT available at https://github.com/dmis-lab/biobert. 

6: 
Title: StructBERT: Incorporating Language Structures into Pre-training for Deep
  Language Understanding
Abstract:
  Recently, the pre-trained language model, BERT (and its robustly optimized version RoBERTa), has attracted a lot of attention in natural language understanding (NLU), and achieved state-of-the-art accuracy in various NLU tasks, such as sentiment classification, natural language inference, semantic textual similarity and question answering. Inspired by the linearization exploration work of Elman [8], we extend BERT to a new model, StructBERT, by incorporating language structures into pre-training. Specifically, we pre-train StructBERT with two auxiliary tasks to make the most of the sequential order of words and sentences, which leverage language structures at the word and sentence levels, respectively. As a result, the new model is adapted to different levels of language understanding required by downstream tasks. The StructBERT with structural pre-training gives surprisingly good empirical results on a variety of downstream tasks, including pushing the state-of-the-art on the GLUE benchmark to 89.0 (outperforming all published models), the F1 score on SQuAD v1.1 question answering to 93.0, the accuracy on SNLI to 91.7. 

7: 
Title: ET-BERT: A Contextualized Datagram Representation with Pre-training
  Transformers for Encrypted Traffic Classification
Abstract:
  Encrypted traffic classification requires discriminative and robust traffic representation captured from content-invisible and imbalanced traffic data for accurate classification, which is challenging but indispensable to achieve network security and network management. The major limitation of existing solutions is that they highly rely on the deep features, which are overly dependent on data size and hard to generalize on unseen data. How to leverage the open-domain unlabeled traffic data to learn representation with strong generalization ability remains a key challenge. In this paper,we propose a new traffic representation model called Encrypted Traffic Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformer (ET-BERT), which pre-trains deep contextualized datagram-level representation from large-scale unlabeled data. The pre-trained model can be fine-tuned on a small number of task-specific labeled data and achieves state-of-the-art performance across five encrypted traffic classification tasks, remarkably pushing the F1 of ISCX-Tor to 99.2% (4.4% absolute improvement), ISCX-VPN-Service to 98.9% (5.2% absolute improvement), Cross-Platform (Android) to 92.5% (5.4% absolute improvement), CSTNET-TLS 1.3 to 97.4% (10.0% absolute improvement). Notably, we provide explanation of the empirically powerful pre-training model by analyzing the randomness of ciphers. It gives us insights in understanding the boundary of classification ability over encrypted traffic. The code is available at: https://github.com/linwhitehat/ET-BERT. 

8: 
Title: Exploring Neural Net Augmentation to BERT for Question Answering on
  SQUAD 2.0
Abstract:
  Enhancing machine capabilities to answer questions has been a topic of considerable focus in recent years of NLP research. Language models like Embeddings from Language Models (ELMo)[1] and Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) [2] have been very successful in developing general purpose language models that can be optimized for a large number of downstream language tasks. In this work, we focused on augmenting the pre-trained BERT language model with different output neural net architectures and compared their performance on question answering task posed by the Stanford Question Answering Dataset 2.0 (SQUAD 2.0) [3]. Additionally, we also fine-tuned the pre-trained BERT model parameters to demonstrate its effectiveness in adapting to specialized language tasks. Our best output network, is the contextualized CNN that performs on both the unanswerable and answerable question answering tasks with F1 scores of 75.32 and 64.85 respectively. 

9: 
Title: Multi-Task Deep Neural Networks for Natural Language Understanding
Abstract:
  In this paper, we present a Multi-Task Deep Neural Network (MT-DNN) for learning representations across multiple natural language understanding (NLU) tasks. MT-DNN not only leverages large amounts of cross-task data, but also benefits from a regularization effect that leads to more general representations in order to adapt to new tasks and domains. MT-DNN extends the model proposed in Liu et al. (2015) by incorporating a pre-trained bidirectional transformer language model, known as BERT (Devlin et al., 2018). MT-DNN obtains new state-of-the-art results on ten NLU tasks, including SNLI, SciTail, and eight out of nine GLUE tasks, pushing the GLUE benchmark to 82.7% (2.2% absolute improvement). We also demonstrate using the SNLI and SciTail datasets that the representations learned by MT-DNN allow domain adaptation with substantially fewer in-domain labels than the pre-trained BERT representations. The code and pre-trained models are publicly available at https://github.com/namisan/mt-dnn. 

10: 
Title: BERT for Joint Intent Classification and Slot Filling
Abstract:
  Intent classification and slot filling are two essential tasks for natural language understanding. They often suffer from small-scale human-labeled training data, resulting in poor generalization capability, especially for rare words. Recently a new language representation model, BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers), facilitates pre-training deep bidirectional representations on large-scale unlabeled corpora, and has created state-of-the-art models for a wide variety of natural language processing tasks after simple fine-tuning. However, there has not been much effort on exploring BERT for natural language understanding. In this work, we propose a joint intent classification and slot filling model based on BERT. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model achieves significant improvement on intent classification accuracy, slot filling F1, and sentence-level semantic frame accuracy on several public benchmark datasets, compared to the attention-based recurrent neural network models and slot-gated models. 

